unlisted video link by video submission form by Wednesday October 8, 2025, at 5:00 p.m. EDT . In YouTube, please title your submission video with the following language: "College Fed Challenge 2025 Team #" [ID number given during registration step 2 above] . Submit the unlisted video link to the YouTube video entry in the video submission form. Submit Your Video Presentation Participate in virtual Q&As (first round of Q&A will determine regional finalists). If selected, your team will receive an email from [email protected] to schedule a Q&A. Your team will be contacted between October 28 and October 31, 2025 , if you have been selected for regional and national Q&As. Eighteen teams (three from each region) will be selected for the virtual Q&A to take place between November 3 and November 5, 2025 . Six of these 18 teams will advance to the national finals. Your team will receive time slot options for a Q&A with judges. At the designated time, your team will join the online platform sent via invite. The Q&A portion will follow the rubric section IV . Presentations used within video submissions may be shown on screen during the Q&A session; however, no new slides or data should be introduced within the presentation. Judges' questions will follow for a maximum of 15 minutes. Two of the questions will be the same for each team; the Board will supply one of these two questions and judges may confer or choose mutually the second question that will be the same for each team. The question period is an opportunity to determine the extent to which students are knowledgeable about the Federal Reserve, monetary policy, and the information in their presentation. Questions could be of four types: follow-up questions related to data, analyses, or recommendations made during the presentation (e.g., What evidence do you have to support your statement that deflation is more of a risk to the U.S. economy than inflation? How might your recommendation affect the economic circumstances of different areas or groups?) hypothetical questions (e.g., Suppose the number of new jobs created over the next three months totaled 100,000, would that change your prescription for monetary policy?) questions about macroeconomic theory (e.g., How much weight should policymakers give the Phillips curve?) questions about the Federal Reserve (e.g., Once the FOMC reaches its decision, how are policy decisions implemented?) Participate in the in-person final presentation and Q&A session. Team presents their 15-minute presentation. No new slides or data should be introduced within the presentation. Judges will ask each team at least two similar questions. These questions will be the same for each team. Judges may modify their questions to cover topics mentioned in a team’s presentation. The question period is an opportunity to determine the extent to which students are knowledgeable about the Federal Reserve, monetary policy, and the information in their presentation. Questions may fall under any of these four categories: follow-up questions related to data, analyses, or recommendations made during the presentation (e.g., What evidence do you have to support your statement that deflation is more of a risk to the U.S. economy than inflation? How might your recommendation affect the economic circumstances of different areas/groups?) hypothetical questions (e.g., Suppose the number of new jobs created over the next three months totaled 100,000, would that change your prescription for monetary policy?) questions about macroeconomic theory (e.g., How much weight should policymakers give the Phillips curve?) questions about the Federal Reserve (e.g., Once the FOMC reaches its decision, how are policy decisions implemented?) Fed Challenge organizers announce winners. The final winner will be announced on November 21, 2025. The winning team's live presentation and Q&A will be posted to the Board's website. Have questions about the National College Fed Challenge competition? Sign up for our College Fed Challenge orientation . Students and professors will get a chance to ask questions about the rules, competition format, and registration process. Back to Top Last Update: June 26, 2025