balance represents the net total of miscellaneous entries, such as the following: Profit (loss) on sale of Bank premise assets or other real estate —The difference between net book value and the proceeds from the sale of Bank premises assets and other real estate (formerly used in bank operations). Recoveries and unrealized losses on the value of other real estate held for sale —The difference between net book value and net realizable value of other real estate (formerly used in Bank operations) held for sale. (See 30.97 . ) Profit (loss) on sale of "Other assets—claims account closed banks" —Book profit or loss resulting from the sale (or other final disposal) of "Other assets—claims account closed banks." When an allowance for estimated losses on such property is carried, the entire difference between gross carrying value of the particular asset and the proceeds received, if disposition results in a loss, may be charged to the allowance unless such a charge would result in a debit balance therein, in which case the excess should be charged to Profit and loss. If disposition results in a profit, the excess should be credited to Profit and loss. Losses (not expected to be recovered) on shipments of money Recoveries of losses on shipments of money Other recoveries —Other recoveries of amounts previously charged to profit and loss, such as recoveries of unclaimed funds. Losses covered by loss sharing agreement —Rewards, advances, and expenses absorbed or prorated under the loss sharing agreement. Reimbursement from Treasury for purchases of uncut sheets of Federal Reserve notes Errors found in work of prior years —Errors involving significant amounts reported in income or expenses prior to the current year. Correction of errors of lesser amounts should be made in the appropriate income or expense account. (The correction of errors between years through Profit and loss should be limited to items involving significant amounts and must have prior approval from the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section.) Interest expense —Interest expense for reverse repurchase agreements undertaken by the System Open Market Desk. Profit or loss on foreign exchange transactions (net) —Participation in foreign exchange profits and losses, including revaluations of foreign currency holdings and outstanding swap commitments at current market exchange rates. Discount on foreign currency Loss on counterfeits —(Only with approval of RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section.) Profit or loss on sales of Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities held in SOMA (net) Profit or loss on works of art Profit or loss, including interest income and expenses, incurred by Reserve Banks and consolidated LLCs from lending authorized under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act For further discussion of reporting profit and loss, see paragraph 60.28 . 12.43 Cost of Unreimbursed Treasury Services (330-110) This account is used to record the cost of services provided to Treasury for which recovery is not anticipated. At the time entries are made to the reimbursable account, an estimate is made of the amount of the claim that is not expected to be received. The offsetting account would be the contra-asset account, Allowance for Doubtful Reimbursement or Reimbursable expenses for direct write-offs. Near the end of each year, adjusting entries may be required in order for the balance in this account to equal the cost of services provided to Treasury during the year for which Treasury has informed the Federal Reserve reimbursement will not be made or which the Federal Reserve has determined is unlikely. This account should be closed out at the end of each year. Costs in this account should be generated primarily from District or special projects that have not been approved by the Bureau of Public Debt or the Financial Management Service of Treasury. This account should also be used to record allowance for the non-Treasury agencies and receivable from others. 12.45 Assessments by Board of Governors (330-125 and 330-150) Board Expenditures (330-125) Section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act authorizes the Board to levy semi-annually upon the Reserve Banks, in proportion to their capital stock and surplus, an assessment sufficient to pay its estimated expenses for the half of the year succeeding the levying of such assessment, together with any deficit carried forward from the preceding half year. The Richmond Reserve Bank processes an InterFRB transaction for each Reserve Bank's portion of the assessment with a debit to this account and a credit to the Interdistrict Settlement account. The Board is also authorized to leave on deposit in the Reserve Banks the proceeds of such assessments. Pursuant to this authority, the Board maintains deposit accounts with the Richmond Reserve Bank and at the time of each assessment requests credit for one-half of the amount to its General Fund deposit account at Richmond. The remaining half is called on the first business day in April and October. F.R. Currency Costs (330-150) Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act requires that all expenses in executing the laws relating to the procurement of Federal Reserve notes, including expenses incidental to their issue and retirement, be paid by the Reserve Banks and included in the Board's assessment against the Banks. The Board assesses the Reserve Banks, on a scheduled basis, for currency printing, shipping, issuance, retirement, educational services, research and development, and counterfeit deterrence costs. The costs are allocated based on each Bank's share of the total number of Federal Reserve notes outstanding at all Reserve Banks on December 31st of the previous year. Reserve Banks should debit this account upon payment of these costs. Separate accounts should be maintained for (l) cost of printing, (2) cost of shipping (including the periodic assessment for bags and seals), (3) retirement costs, and (4) research and development costs for F.R. currency, see appendix A.3 . 12.46 Assessments by Board of Governors—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (330-135) This account is used to record the Board of Governors' assessments to the Reserve Banks. In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act the Board of Governors assesses the Reserve Banks to fund the operations of the