assets secured by collateral provided by the borrower and whose collateral coverage is being used to arrive at a "zero loss expectation" on the asset, FASB ASC Topic 326-20 requires the consideration of potential future changes in value and historical loss information for assets secured with similar collateral, rather than based solely on the assessment of the current coverage. Given the complexity and judgement required in concluding that the "zero loss expectation" exception is appropriate for a given asset class, Reserve Banks should contact RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for guidance when considering such plans. 81.02 Recognizing an Allowance for Credit Losses The credit loss standard codified in FASB ASC Topic 326 requires recognizing lifetime expected credit losses immediately upon the purchase or origination of the loan, even if the likelihood of a loss is remote. The estimate of expected credit losses is based on historical loss information, adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. FASB Topic ASC 326-20 requires that upon initial inception or purchase of the loan, and subsequently at each reporting date, the recognition of an allowance for credit losses generally in a consistent manner over the lifetime (in most cases the contractual maturity) of the loan. A comparison of the current estimate of expected credit losses with the previously recorded amount should be performed at each reporting date, with the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses reported in net income as a bad debt expense or reversal of bad debt expense. FASB ASC Topic 326-20-30 establishes the presumption of estimating credit losses on financial assets with similar risk characteristics on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. FASB ASC Topic 326-20 provides guidance on evaluating credit losses for loans in homogenous pools with similar risk characteristics. Only in instances where financial assets are determined not to share risk characteristics with other financial assets in a pool should an evaluation for expected credit losses be performed on an individual basis. Judgement would be required in making this determination, but the estimation method used would need to be supportable qualitatively or quantitatively and consistently applied. Under the current expected credit loss methodology, assets evaluated on an individual basis should not also be included in the collective evaluation. A loan is defined under FASB ASC Topic ASC 326-20 as the contractual right to receive money on demand or on fixed or determinable dates that is recognized as an asset in the creditor's balance sheet. Under FASB ASC Topic 326-20, the estimation timeframe for credit losses is over the life of the financial asset. In practice, the estimate should cover the duration of the contractual term of the financial asset. Specific consideration should be given to estimated prepayments as a separate input in the overall credit loss estimate—both in the magnitude and timing of those prepayments. Consistent with FASB ASC Topic 326-20, expected extensions, renewals and modifications would not affect the estimation timeframe unless the extension/renewal options are included in the contract and are not unconditionally cancellable. 81.03 Measuring Credit Losses Due to the subjective nature of the estimate, FASB ASC Topic 326-20 does not prescribe one method for measuring credit losses. Rather a discounted cash flow method, loss-rate method, roll-rate method, probability-of-default method, or methods that utilize an aging schedule are all appropriate methodologies. Judgment is required to develop an approach that captures expected credit losses for financial assets that can be consistently applied and should take into account the complexity of the asset portfolio under consideration and availability of information. It is acceptable to select different measurement methods for different loan programs, based on a documented rationale as to the choice of the measurement method, including the Bank's reasonable expectations for the recovery of the investment in the loan. Whereas legacy GAAP generally considered past loss experience and current conditions, FASB ASC Topic 326-20 also requires consideration over reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions over the lifetime of the asset. Note, while there is latitude provided by the new standard as to what model methodology may be best to estimate credit losses, given the oftentimes complex nature of the estimate, consultation with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section is required to ensure consistent application of accounting policy. Further, once the estimate approach has been determined, RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section should be consulted if a change in measurement methodology is being considered by the Reserve Bank. Historical loss experience (both internal or external loss information) generally serves as a starting point for estimating expected credit losses under FASB ASC Topic 326-20. The standard details the need to consider adjustments to the historical loss information for differences in current asset specific risks, such as portfolio mix or asset term, and also both the current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable future forecasts of economic conditions. Adjusted loss information should be specific for each asset pool for which expected credit losses are being estimated. While FASB ASC Topic 326-20 does not prescribe one specific method of measuring credit losses, three of the more common methods are detailed below. The Reserve Bank should select and apply its method consistently and a change in method should be justified by a change in circumstances. The present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate The fair value of the collateral if the loan is nonrecourse Probability of default/loss given default 1. Present Value of Expected Cash Flows Method The discounted cash flow method estimates an allowance for credit losses by calculating the difference between the carrying value of the loan and the present value of the principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected. Based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, the Bank must exercise significant judgment to develop the best estimates of expected future cash flows. All available inputs, including estimated selling costs if those costs are expected to reduce the cash flows available to repay or otherwise satisfy the loan,