organizations, all Federal Reserve Banks (except the FRBNY) should classify their holdings of these securities as "Held By Other FRBs." The FRBNY, however, should classify their holdings of these securities as "Held In Own Vaults." The FRBNY should then classify the roll-up of all the other Reserve Banks' holdings of these securities as "Custodies Held For Other F.R. Banks." (See paragraph 21.10 .) The following characteristics should be considered to determine the proper classifications for custodies on both office and District level FR 34s. The descriptions below focus on definitive holdings; however, except for the reference to trust receipts, the same principles apply to book-entry securities. The classifications of "Held by DI's" and "Held by Other Offices in Own District" only apply to definitive securities and should never be used for book entry securities: Location of Physical Security All custodies held by an office must appear on that office's FR 34 Reverse as Held in Own Vaults . Trust receipts held by an office that represent custodies held outside the System are classified as Held by Depository Institutions . Collateral Function Custodies are recorded on the books of the Federal Reserve System for one of two purposes: collateral to protect the System or a government entity against certain risks; or as a safekeeping service. Custody items held as collateral should be reflected in the appropriate function (Loans, TT&L, etc.); if the same custody is used to collateralize differing transactions during the day, it should be reflected on the FR 34 Reverse under the function it serves at end-of-day and should be recorded and carefully monitored in departmental records to reflect the purpose served intraday. Other security holdings are reflected in the appropriate Custodies Held for... accounts. Location of Applicable Function The Federal Reserve System has a wide variety of both decentralized and consolidated processes at the District and office levels. In order to reflect proper accountability on the FR 34 Reverse, offices which have functional units that may require collateral must reflect all of this associated collateral on their FR 34 Reverse regardless of where that collateral is located. To distinguish between physical accountability and functional accountability, offices should reflect these custodies as Held by other offices in own District or Held by other Federal Reserve Banks . Trust receipts held by other offices or FRBs are treated the same as other custodies in these accounts; only the office which has physical possession of the trust receipts is required to distinguish on the FR 34 Reverse whether the security is physically held in a Federal Reserve vault or at a depository institution. The following are examples of proper classification on each office's FR 34 reverse and on the combined District's FR 34 reverse: Example #1: Loan Function is centralized at the head office; safekeeping functions are decentralized. Collateral for Loans: FR 34 Head Office FR 34 Branch 1 FR 34 Branch 2 FR 34 District Held in own vaults 200 100 200 500 Held by other offices in own District 380 - - N/A Held by other FR Banks 25 - - 25 Held by depository institutions 150 50 30 230 Example #2: Function is decentralized in all offices; Custody safekeeping is entirely centralized at Branch 1 except for trust receipts entirely held at Branch 2. (Each office has 200 TT&L collateral) Collateral for TT&L FR 34 Head Office FR 34 Branch 1 FR 34 Branch 2 FR 34 District Held in own vaults - 500 1 - 500 Held by other offices in own District 200 30 130 N/A Held by other FR Banks - - - - Held by depository institutions - - 100 2 100 1. Head Office=200; Branch 1=170; Branch 2=130 Return to table 2. Branch 1=30 Branch 2=70 Return to table Valuation Definitive collateral that will be redeemed at par at maturity and all book entry collateral should be reported at par value. Holdings of definitive collateral whose par value may increase (as in the case of certain collateralized mortgage obligations) or decrease (as in the case of mortgage-backed securities) should be reported at the current outstanding principal value. 20.05 Collateral for Treasury Tax and Loan Accounts (Definitive and Book Entry) Pursuant to 31 CFR 203, the funds held in Treasury Tax and Loan accounts, except for amounts covered by FDIC insurance, are secured by the pledge of collateral. The collateral must be of a type deemed acceptable by Treasury as covered in the Code of Federal Regulations. Holdings of collateral should be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 20.10 Collateral for Loans (Definitive and Book Entry) All loans made by the Reserve Banks are secured, usually by collateral. Where feasible to minimize unnecessary bookkeeping, a Reserve Bank should carry securities in this account even though the owning bank is not currently borrowing. Holdings should be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 20.15 Collateral for Overdrafts (Definitive and Book Entry) Reserve Banks may, in certain situations, require a depository institution to pledge collateral in the event the institution's deposit account becomes overdrawn during the day or is overdrawn at the close of the business day. Any such collateral pledged for overdrafts is to be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 20.20 Accountability to Treasury for U.S. Government Securities: Marketable Securities (Definitive Only) Reserve Banks no longer process these items. Items sent to Reserve Banks in error should be forwarded to Treasury's Bureau of Public Debt and reported as Collateral and Custody Items in Process (see paragraph 21.50 ) until shipped to the Bureau of Public Debt. 20.40 Accountability to Treasury for U.S. Government Securities: Non-marketable Securities (Definitive Only) Savings Bonds Unissued On Hand —Report the face value of savings bonds (all series), retirement plan bonds, and individual retirement plan bonds that fall into the following categories: Unissued stock; spoiled bonds; issued bonds not reported to Treasury (for example, sales and issues on reissue such as bonds issued for claims to replace valid issued bonds that were