and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) The value of these notes are recorded at amortized cost rather than fair value. 3.01 Foreign and International Monetary Authorities Repurchase (142-150) The Federal Reserve established a temporary repurchase agreement facility for foreign and international monetary authorities (FIMA Repo Facility) to help support the smooth functioning of financial markets, including the U.S. Treasury market, and thus maintain the supply of credit to U.S. households and businesses. Outstanding balances under the FIMA Repo program are recorded in this account. 3.03 Loan Fees Deferred (145-040) Nonrefundable fees, such as origination or commitment fees, paid to the Bank by borrowers, based on the terms of the agreement, are recorded in this account. As described in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 310-20, such fees are to be deferred and recognized as income over the life of the loan. The unamortized balance of deferred loan fees should be reported in the Bank's financial statements as an offset to the related loan balance. The periodic amortization of balances in this account should generally be recorded as an addition to interest income, but in some circumstances may be recorded as fees in the profit and loss accounts (330-100). Contact RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section staff to discuss the proper accounting for deferred loan fees. 3.04 Loans Payable (145-050) The Federal Reserve Board authorized the FRBNY and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (FRBB) to provide financing to their respective limited liability companies, which is booked to account 145-050. The FRBNY extended loans to the Corporate Credit Facilities LLC (closed December 17, 2021), pursuant to the Primary Market Corporate Credit Facility and Secondary Market Corporate Credit Facility. In addition, the FRBNY extended loans to the CPFF II (closed July 8, 2021), the TALF II, and the MLF. The FRBB extended loans to the MS Facilities LLC pursuant to the Main Street New Loan Facility (MSNLF), the Main Street Priority Loan Facility (MSPLF), the Main Street Expanded Loan Facility (MSELF), the Nonprofit Organization New Loan Facility (NONLF), and the Nonprofit Organization Expanded Loan Facility (NOELF). See Chapter 7 for more details on these facilities. 3.06 Other Assets—Markets (145-260) The balance in this account represents infrequent, low-value, non-SOMA Markets-related transactions conducted by the FRBNY and is not participated to other Reserve Banks. Dedicated accounts must be established prior to program start dates for transactions related to non-SOMA Markets programs that are expected to be high-value or recurring. This account may be used, however, to record transactions for newly established programs until a dedicated account is established, when the balances should be reclassified to the dedicated account. At the close of business each December 31, this account balance should include only the low-value and infrequent non-SOMA Markets-related transactions. 3.07 Other Assets—SOMA (145-275) The balance in this account represents infrequent, low-value transactions for newly established low-value, SOMA programs conducted by the FRBNY and is participated to each Reserve Bank. Dedicated accounts must be established prior to program start dates for transactions related to SOMA programs that are expected to be high-value or recurring. This account may be used, however, to record transactions for newly established programs until a dedicated account is established, when these balances should be reclassified to the dedicated account. At the close of business each December 31, this account balance should include only the low-value and infrequent SOMA-related transactions. 3.08 Federal Agency and GSE Mortgage-Backed Securities (145-300, 145-315, and 145-330) On January 5, 2009, the RMBS purchase program began to purchase RMBS guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. On March 23, 2020, the CMBS purchase program began to purchase CMBS guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. The securities are bought from or sold to securities dealers at market prices. By law, the securities must be fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by an agency of the United States. Outright transactions in RMBS and CMBS are recorded on the scheduled settlement date. (See paragraph 40.13 .) If a seller fails to provide a security to the FRBNY on the contractual settlement date, a fail liability is recorded. When securities are purchased or sold, the net amount of the transaction is paid to or collected by the FRBNY from the dealer and only the current face amount of the RMBS and CMBS is entered to this account. Other accounts that may be affected are interest accrued, premium on securities, discount on securities and, in the case of sales, profit and loss. The amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts is discussed in paragraphs 4.00 and 11.52 , respectively. The securities are accounted for at amortized cost rather than fair value; therefore, no unrealized gains or losses are recognized. On the day of settlement the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 11.94 and paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) The following accounts are participated to each Reserve Bank: 145-300 Fed Agency MBS (includes GSE RMBS and CMBS) 145-315 Fed Agency MBS—fail to deliver (includes the receivable for GSE RMBS and CMBS fails and related fees for failing to deliver) 145-330 Fed Agency MBS—temporary investments (includes temporary investments resulting from GSE RMBS and CMBS transactions) 3.10 Allowance for Credit Losses (145-360) Reserve Banks are required to recognize lifetime expected credit losses on a loan measured at amortized cost, regardless of whether the risk of credit loss is determined to be remote. 2 Detailed instructions on how to recognize, measure, and record an allowance for credit loss are provided in paragraph 81.01 , Allowance for Credit Losses. The Reserve Banks should use account 145-360 to record allowances for credit losses. Allowances recorded in this account must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 3.13 Investment in LLC (145-600) In