in this section is required under any of said statutes, regulations, rules, orders, or proclamations, notification to the Secretary of State by the proper Government officer or agency of the issuance of an appropriate license or that appropriate licenses will be issued on application shall be a prerequisite to any action by the Secretary of State pursuant to this section, and the action of the Secretary of State shall relate only to such property as is included in such notification. Each such notification shall include the terms and conditions of such license or licenses and a description of the property to which they relate. [12 USC 632. As added by act of April 7, 1941 (55 Stat. 132).] 6. Definitions For the purposes of this section, (1) the term "property" includes gold, silver, currency, credits, deposits, securities, choses in action, and any other form of property, the proceeds thereof, and any right, title, or interest therein; (2) the term "foreign state" includes any foreign government or any department, district, province, county, possession, or other similar governmental organization or subdivision of a foreign government, and any agency or instrumentality of any such foreign government or of any such organization or subdivision; (3) the term "central bank" includes any foreign bank or banker authorized to perform any one or more of the functions of a central bank; (4) the term "person" includes any individual, or any corporation, partnership, association, or other similar organization; and (5) the term "insured bank" shall have the meaning given to it in section 12B of this Act. [12 USC 632. As added by act of April 7, 1941 (55 Stat. 132). Section 12B was withdrawn and enacted as a separate act by act of Sept. 21, 1950 (64 Stat. 873); for definition of "insured bank" under that act, see 12 USC 1813(h).] * Previously section 25(b), this section was redesignated by act of Dec. 19, 1991 (105 Stat. 2281). Back to Top Last Update: February 14, 2017 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551