is divided, the name and place of doing business of each bank executing such certificate, and of all banks which have subscribed to the capital stock of such Federal reserve bank and the number of shares, subscribed by each, and the fact that the certificate is made to enable those banks executing same, and all banks which have subscribed or may thereafter subscribe to the capital stock of such Federal reserve bank, to avail themselves of the advantages of this Act. [Omitted from U.S. Code. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 3. Acknowledgment and filing The said organization certificate shall be acknowledged before a judge of some court of record or notary public; and shall be, together with the acknowledgment thereof, authenticated by the seal of such court, or notary, transmitted to the Comptroller of the Currency, who shall file, record and carefully preserve the same in his office. [Omitted from U.S. Code. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 4. General corporate powers Upon the filing of such certificate with the Comptroller of the Currency as aforesaid, the said Federal reserve bank shall become a body corporate and as such, and in the name designated in such organization certificate, shall have power-- First. To adopt and use a corporate seal. Second. To have succession after the approval of this Act until dissolved by Act of Congress or until forfeiture of franchise for violation of law. Third. To make contracts Fourth. To sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law or equity. Fifth. To appoint by its board of directors a president, vice presidents, and such officers and employees as are not otherwise provided for in this Act, to define their duties, require bonds for them and fix the penalty thereof, and to dismiss at pleasure such officers or employees. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the bank and shall be appointed by the Class B and Class C directors of the bank, with the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, for a term of 5 years; and all other executive officers and all employees of the bank shall be directly responsible to the president. The first vice president of the bank shall be appointed in the same manner and for the same term as the president, and shall, in the absence or disability of the president or during a vacancy in the office of the president, serve as chief executive officer of the bank. Whenever a vacancy shall occur in the office of the president or the first vice president, it shall be filled in the manner provided for original appointments; and the person so appointed shall hold office until the expiration of the term of his predecessor. Sixth. To prescribe by its board of directors, by-laws not inconsistent with law, regulating the manner in which its general business may be conducted, and the privileges granted to it by law may be exercised and enjoyed. Seventh. To exercise by its board of directors, or duly authorized officers or agents, all powers specifically granted by the provisions of this Act and such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry on the business of banking within the limitations prescribed by this Act. Eighth. Upon deposit with the Treasurer of the United States of any bonds of the United States in the manner provided by existing law relating to national banks, to receive from the Secretary of the Treasury circulating notes in blank, registered and countersigned as provided by law, equal in amount to the par value of the bonds so deposited, such notes to be issued under the same conditions and provisions of law as relate to the issue of circulating notes of national banks secured by bonds of the United States bearing the circulating privilege, except that the issue of such notes shall not be limited to the capital stock of such Federal reserve bank. [12 USC 341. As amended by act of Feb. 25, 1927 (44 Stat. 1234), which amended subparagraph "Second;" by act of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 703), which amended subparagraph "Fifth" effective March 1, 1936; by act of Sept. 23, 1994 (108 Stat. 2293), which amended subparagraph "Eighth"; and by act of July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 2126), which amended subparagraph "Fifth." As to issuance of Federal Reserve bank notes and redemption of bonds securing such notes, see section 18 , and note to the first paragraph of that section.] 5. Authority to commence business But no Federal reserve bank shall transact any business except such as is incidental and necessarily preliminary to its organization until it has been authorized by the Comptroller of the Currency to commence business under the provisions of this Act. [12 USC 341. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 6. Board of directors Every Federal reserve bank shall be conducted under the supervision and control of a board of directors. [12 USC 301. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 7. Duties of directors generally The board of directors shall perform the duties usually appertaining to the office of directors of banking associations and all such duties as are prescribed by law. [12 USC 301. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 8. Administration of affairs; extension of credit Said board of directors shall administer the affairs of said bank fairly and impartially and without discrimination in favor of or against any member bank or banks and may, subject to the provisions of law and the orders of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, extend to each member bank such discounts, advancements, and accommodations as may be safely and reasonably made with due regard for the claims and demands of other member banks, the maintenance of sound credit conditions, and the accommodation of commerce, industry, and agriculture. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe regulations further defining within the limitations of this Act