the business of the board. All salaries and fees shall be fixed in advance by said board and shall be paid in the same manner as the salaries of the members of said board. All such attorneys, experts, assistants, clerks, and other employees shall be appointed without regard to the provisions of the Act of January sixteenth, eighteen hundred and eighty-three (volume twenty-two, United States Statutes at large, page four hundred and three), and amendments thereto, or any rule or regulation made in pursuance thereof: Provided , That nothing herein shall prevent the President from placing said employees in the classified service. [12 USC 248(l). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Loans by member banks on stock or bond collateral (m) [Repealed] [Subsection (m) (12 USC 248(m)) was repealed by act of Nov. 12, 1999 (113 Stat. 1479).] Examination of depository institutions and affiliates (n) To examine, at the Board's discretion, any depository institution, and any affiliate of such depository institution, in connection with any advance to, any discount of any instrument for, or any request for any such advance or discount by, such depository institution under this Act. [12 USC 248(n). As added by act of Dec. 19, 1991. The original subsection (n), which authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, as necessary, to require the payment and delivery of all gold coin, gold bullion, and gold certificates to the Treasurer of the United States in exchange for another form of U.S. currency, was repealed by act of Sept. 13, 1982 (96 Stat. 1068).] (o) Authority To Appoint Conservator or Receiver. The Board may appoint the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as conservator or receiver for a State member bank under section 11(c)(9) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. [12 USC 248(o). As added by act of Dec. 19, 1991 (105 Stat. 2273) and redesignated by act of Oct. 28, 1992 (106 Stat. 4080).] (p) Authority. The Board may act in its own name and through its own attorneys in enforcing any provision of this title, regulations promulgated hereunder, or any other law or regulation, or in any action, suit, or proceeding to which the Board is a party and which involves the Board's regulation or supervision of any bank, bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956), or other entity, or the administration of its operations. [12 USC 248(p). As added by act of Sept. 23, 1994 (108 Stat. 2232).] (q) Uniform Protection Authority For Federal Reserve Facilities. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to authorize personnel to act as law enforcement officers to protect and safeguard the premises, grounds, property, personnel, including members of the Board, of the Board, or any Federal reserve bank, and operations conducted by or on behalf of the Board or a reserve bank. The Board may, subject to the regulations prescribed under paragraph (5), delegate authority to a Federal reserve bank to authorize personnel to act as law enforcement officers to protect and safeguard the bank's premises, grounds, property, personnel, and operations conducted by or on behalf of the bank. Law enforcement officers designated or authorized by the Board or a reserve bank under paragraph (1) or (2) are authorized while on duty to carry firearms and make arrests without warrants for any offense against the United States committed in their presence, or for any felony cognizable under the laws of the United States committed or being committed within the buildings and grounds of the Board or a reserve bank if they have reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing such a felony. Such officers shall have access to law enforcement information that may be necessary for the protection of the property or personnel of the Board or a reserve bank. For purposes of this subsection, the term "law enforcement officers" means personnel who have successfully completed law enforcement training and are authorized to carry firearms and make arrests pursuant to this subsection. The law enforcement authorities provided for in this subsection may be exercised only pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Board and approved by the Attorney General. [12 USC 248(q). As added by act of Oct. 26, 2001 (115 Stat. 333).] Authority of Board when sufficient number of members are not in office or available (r) Any action that this Act provides may be taken only upon the affirmative vote of 5 members of the Board may be taken upon the unanimous vote of all members then in office if there are fewer than 5 members in office at the time of the action. Any action that the Board is otherwise authorized to take under section 13(3) may be taken upon the unanimous vote of all available members then in office, if-- at least 2 members are available and all available members participate in the action; the available members unanimously determine that-- unusual and exigent circumstances exist and the borrower is unable to secure adequate credit accommodations from other sources; action on the matter is necessary to prevent, correct, or mitigate serious harm to the economy or the stability of the financial system of the United States; despite the use of all means available (including all available telephonic, telegraphic, and other electronic means), the other members of the Board have not been able to be contacted on the matter; and action on the matter is required before the number of Board members otherwise required to vote on the matter can be contacted through any available means (including all available telephonic, telegraphic, and other electronic means); and any credit extended by a Federal reserve bank pursuant to such action is payable upon demand of the Board. The available members of the Board shall document in writing the determinations required by subparagraph (A)(ii), and such written findings shall be included in the record of the action and in the official minutes of the Board, and copies of such record shall be provided as soon as practicable