If, for example, the useful life of the asset is shorter because of changes in the extent of how it will be used, the cash flows should be measured over the shorter life. In the absence of a better source for cash flow information, Reserve Banks should consider the current depreciation costs as a proxy for undiscounted cash flows on assets that will continue to be used at "pre-impairment" production levels. 16 If the assets will be used in a reduced capacity, a reasonable pro-ration of the current depreciation should be made. In order to balance the costs associated with estimating and evaluating an impairment loss with the benefits, impairments should only be pursued if the carrying value exceeds recovery amount by the following thresholds. 17 For those assets that are grouped, the thresholds apply to the group. These measurements, and those in the remaining steps, should be made as of the date the impairment was probable and estimable. Land: $500,000 Buildings: Larger of $500,000 or $50,000 x the remaining useful life of the building Specialized Improvements: $100,000 Equipment: $50,000 Software: $50,000 Asset Fair Value and Impairment Loss Based on the Difference between Carrying Value and Fair Value The fair value of the asset (group) is the amount at which the asset could be bought or sold in a current arms-length transaction. The ideal method for determining fair value is to use the price for the asset if it is traded in an active market. The next best method is to base fair value on the prices for similar assets (appraisal). The remaining method is to use the discounted present value of the expected cash flows for the asset. In general, assumptions and techniques used to determine fair value should be the same that marketplace participants would use if the information is available without undue cost and effort. Otherwise, the Reserve Bank should use its own assumptions. In general, absent reasonable appraisals of market, the undiscounted amount calculated in step three will be used for those assets that will be disposed of within five years. If applied to an asset that will be held for longer than five years such as a building, use the applicable Treasury rate for a security of that duration as of the impairment date. The impairment loss should be recorded as an adjustment to the asset account (proportionately to assets in a group) and a charge to the same account that would have been charged if the asset was sold. Fair Value After adjusting the carrying value for an impairment loss, consider adjusting the remaining useful life and salvage value assumptions from the impairment date. Once the adjustment is recorded, subsequent restoration is not permitted. Depreciation should be based on the adjusted values at the impairment date. Other Costs Associated with Exit Activities All other exit costs, such as relocating employees and equipment, and costs associated with closing facilities should be recognized in the period the goods or services are received (see FAM 11.56 ). 30.96 Sale or Transfer of Assets to Another Office If an asset will be transferred to another office in same District, the depreciation continues and the cost to relocate and reinstall the equipment is charged to expense. 18 If an asset will be sold to another Reserve Bank, the deprecation will cease when production ceases and the sale should be recorded at book-value (no gain or loss). 19 The receiving Reserve Bank should record the asset at the transferring Reserve Bank's book-value, capitalize the installation and transportation costs and begin depreciation when the equipment is placed into production and continue over the asset's remaining useful life. 30.97 Other Real Estate This account should be debited upon acquisition of real estate to be held for future Bank use or when Bank property is classified as held for sale. All costs associated with the purchase of real estate should be capitalized. Generally, buildings carried in this account should not be depreciated. When the site is approved for construction, Other real estate should be transferred to the appropriate Bank premises accounts (in most cases, Land). In some cases, other real estate will include buildings with tenants. Income and expenses involved in operating buildings purchased after 1976 should be functioned through current expenses. If the real estate contains a building that will eventually be razed, depreciation should be discontinued upon acquisition. The carrying amount of other real estate that is held for sale should not exceed its fair value. The carrying value of other real estate held for sale should be evaluated by the end of the calendar year, at a minimum, to determine if adjustments are necessary (see paragraph 30.95 ). This does not necessarily require an annual formal appraisal; however, valuation methodologies should be consistent. 31.00 Real Estate Reporting Requirements Paragraph 60.39 provides instructions for the preparation and submission of required accounting reports FR 612 and FR 892. Footnotes 1. The Annual Report may be found at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/annual-report/default.htm . Return to text 2. Refer to paragraph 30.05 for accounting guidance on environmental remediation costs, which must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Return to text 3. Refer to paragraph 30.05 for accounting for any environmental remediation costs, such as asbestos abatement, because they should be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Return to text 4. FAM was revised in 1996 to allow for specialized improvements. Return to text 5. For lessees, the discount rate used to evaluate the "substantially all" criterion is a risk-free discount rate (i.e., Treasury borrowing rate) determined using a period comparable with that of the lease term. Return to text 6. A guarantee made to a lessor that the value of an underlying asset returned to the lessor at the end of a lease will be at least a specified amount. Return to text 7. Those factors shall be considered together, and the existence of any one factor does not necessarily signify that a lessee is reasonably certain to