agent of the Treasury: Gold— Held in own vaults Held by other F.R. Banks Other Custodies held for: Commodity Credit Corporation U.S. Treasury— Special gold custody account: For display purposes Other Other Government departments, agencies, and officials— Held in own vaults Held by other offices in own district Held by other F.R. Banks Held by depository institutions Other offices in own district— Unissued U.S. Government securities on consignment— On hand With issuing agents Other System Open Market Account Other F.R. Banks Depository Institutions— Securities, etc.— Held in own vaults Held by other offices in own district Held by other F.R. Banks Held by depository institutions Foreign correspondents— Acceptances Securities— Held in own vaults Held by others Earmarked gold—Held in own vaults Foreign Debt Collateral Held in own vaults Held by others International Bank for Reconstruction & Dev.—securities International Finance Corporation—securities International Monetary Fund— securities gold International Development Association—securities Inter-American Development Bank—securities Asian Development Bank—securities Miscellaneous custody items Collateral and custody items in process TOTAL OTHER DEPOSITS—MISCELLANEOUS Name of Account Amount $ Memorandum Accounts Food coupons pending— verification destruction Noncash collection items: Securities and coupons on hand U.S. Government and agency coupons: Unclassified (or redeemed) Suspense or holdover Miscellaneous cash items International coupons: Redeemed Suspense or holdover Coupons detached from safekeeping holding awaiting shipment to paying agents Coupons clipped from unissued Treasury and agency stock MATURITY DISTRIBUTION Maturity distribution of loans: 15 days or less 615-020 16–90 days 615-025 91 days–1 year 615-030 1–5 years 615-031 5–10 years 615-032 Loans over 10 years 615-033 Total loans 615-035 Maturity distribution of acceptances: 15 days or less 615-040* 16–90 days 615-045* Over 90 days 615-050* Total Acceptances 615-055* Supplemental #1 615-110 Supplemental #2 615-115 Supplemental #3 615-120 Supplemental #4 615-125 Supplemental #5 615-130 Supplemental #6 615-135 Supplemental #7 615-140 Supplemental #8 615-145 Supplemental #9 615-150 2.10 Gold Certificate Account (110-025) The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue gold certificates to the Reserve Banks to monetize gold held by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury). At any time, Treasury may reacquire the gold certificates by demonetizing the gold. Treasury maintains an account with the Board of Governors entitled "Gold certificate fund—Board of Governors of the FR System." When the Treasury monetizes gold, it credits this account in return for deposit credit at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY). When demonetizing gold, Treasury decreases the account and authorizes the FRBNY to charge its deposit account. The offsetting entry in each case on the FRBNY's books is made to the Gold Certificate account and the U.S. Treasury—general account. The FRBNY accounting staff sends an advice of these entries to the Board. Also, whenever the official price of gold is changed, Treasury adjusts the account and, simultaneously, the deposit account. The Board maintains the account in the exact amount as shown on Treasury's books at all times. The entries are made pursuant to advice from the FRBNY and Treasury. The amount of gold certificates on each Bank's balance sheet must agree with the total in the Board's records. Monthly statements of the account are received from Treasury and confirmed by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. The Board participates substantially all of the total gold among Reserve Banks based on Federal Reserve notes outstanding (see paragraph 40.70 ) with an additional amount allocated to the FRBNY as a cushion to accommodate Treasury sales during the year. By law, each Bank may pledge all or any part of its account with the Federal Reserve Agent as security for Federal Reserve notes. Prior to 1978, each Bank pledged a specific amount which was then earmarked in the Board's records on a separate ledger sheet, and thereafter was subject to and reduced only with prior approval from the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent. Beginning in 1978, each Bank's holdings were pledged automatically pursuant to a continuing agreement. The amount of gold certificates pledged with the Agent—currently the same as the balance sheet total at each Bank—is reported on the Daily Statement of the Federal Reserve Agent, Form FR 5 and is also confirmed periodically. The gold certificate account serves as the medium for affecting an annual settlement among the Reserve Banks for amounts accumulated in the Interdistrict Settlement Account (ISA) ( paragraph 5.00 ). Following the annual settlement, each Bank's gold certificate account is restored relative to the average Federal Reserve notes outstanding through a reallocation of securities in the System Open Market Account. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 2.20 Special Drawing Rights Certificate Account (120-025) Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) are issued by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to its members in proportion to each member's quota in the IMF at the time of issuance. SDRs serve as a supplement to international monetary reserves and may be transferred from one national monetary authority to another. Under the law providing for U.S. participation in the SDR system, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue SDR certificates (broadly comparable with gold certificates) to the Federal Reserve Banks. The Banks are required to purchase them for the purpose of financing SDR acquisitions or for financing exchange stabilization operations. The Treasury, when it wishes to monetize a specific amount of SDRs, authorizes and requests the FRBNY to credit a special account of the Secretary of the Treasury with the total amount of such monetization and to debit the Bank's SDR certificate account by a corresponding amount. The Board participates the SDR certificate transactions among all 12 Federal Reserve Banks in proportion to Federal Reserve notes outstanding in each District at the end of the preceding year. Each of the other Federal Reserve Banks pays for its share of the SDR certificates through its Interdistrict Settlement account. Each of the eleven Banks, therefore, has an increase in one asset (SDR certificates) offset by a decline in another balance sheet asset. The FRBNY has an increase in its deposit liabilities (special account of the Secretary of the Treasury) matched by increases in two assets (SDR certificates—to the extent of