pay interest to depository institutions on balances held in these accounts with Reserve Banks. The interest rate paid on balances is determined by the Board of Governors. 10.40 Due to Other FR Banks—Collected Funds (220-075) Amounts that are owed to another Federal Reserve Bank and which, in ordinary circumstances, would have been settled during the day are reported in this account. One of the most common examples is related to transactions where one Reserve Bank owes funds to another Reserve Bank that is closed and cannot accept InterFRB transactions. A separate subsidiary account should be maintained for these transactions. 10.50 U.S. Treasury—General Account (220-100) As part of its function as fiscal agent for Treasury, and as provided by Section 15 of the Federal Reserve Act , the FRBNY maintains a deposit account for Treasury. Deposits in this account include funds realized on the sale of government securities or savings bonds, Federal tax receipts, payments for goods or services rendered by the Government, and payments of Reserve Bank earnings. The account is used by Treasury to make interest payments and redemption payments on government obligations and to pay government checks and other items drawn on the account. 10.60 Foreign Deposits (220-125, 220-130) Account 220-125 includes uninvested cash balances maintained by foreign central banks, foreign governments, and other foreign official entities with Reserve Banks to facilitate the clearing of official U.S. dollar payments and securities transactions. The accounts are generally opened with the FRBNY. A fixed portion of the balances, estimated to represent a floor for these balance levels, is annually participated among the Reserve Banks on the basis of each Bank's capital and surplus ratio. Account 220-130 is a units account included for presentation purposes and is not presented on the FR 34. It is the sum of the foreign currency accounts across all of the Reserve Banks and is used by the FR5 system for calculating collateral for Federal Reserve notes. 10.70 U.S. Treasury—Special Account (220-140) This account is used by the FRBNY at the direction of Treasury for certain Treasury deposits that require segregation from both the general account and the account used for exchange stabilization transactions. (See paragraph 11.10 .) Balances related to the Treasury Supplementary Financing Program, which was initiated September 17, 2008, were also recorded in this account. 10.80 Officers' and Certified Checks (220-150) The balance in this account represents the total of all unpaid checks issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, with exception of noncurrent checks which are periodically written off and charged to the Profit and Loss account. 11.01 International Organizations (220-175) This account consists of balances of international organizations, such as the International Monetary Fund, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Inter-American Development Bank, Asian Development Bank, International Development Bank and International Finance Corporation. The law provides that any Reserve Bank which is requested to do so by such organizations should act as its depository or as its fiscal agent, and requires the Board of Governors to supervise and direct the carrying out of these functions. Accounts may be opened under other authority as well. 11.10 Secretary of Treasury Special Account (220-200) This account is carried on the books of the FRBNY and is used by Treasury for exchange stabilization transactions. 11.20 Government-Sponsored Enterprise Accounts (220-225); Less Unclassified Charges (220-250); Net (220-275) GSEs, such as the Federal National Mortgage Association, maintain redemption accounts with the FRBNY to cover maturing coupons and securities that are received by Reserve Banks for payment. Balances are maintained by the GSEs to cover the amounts that are due on any given payment date. Payments on definitive obligations by Reserve Banks other than the FRBNY are carried in the miscellaneous cash items account pending charge to the FRBNY. Payments by the FRBNY are entered directly to the unclassified account. When the paid coupons and securities are verified according to the respective GSE, the FRBNY credits the unclassified account and charges the appropriate GSE account. 11.25 FRB as Fiscal Agent (220-325) This account is used by the FRBNY to accommodate rare situations in which the Federal Reserve, at the direction of the Treasury under Section 15 of the Federal Reserve Act, must hold funds for certain non-Treasury entities in a "non-Treasury" deposit account. These balances are not aggregated with the U.S. Treasury—general account. 11.26 Joint Accounts (220-330) This account represents the balances maintained by depository institutions in a joint account at a Reserve Bank. A joint account is an account at a Reserve Bank where the rights and liabilities are shared among multiple account-holders—that is, depository institutions that are eligible to open an account with a Reserve Bank. Joint accounts at Federal Reserve Banks are intended to facilitate settlement between depository institutions participating in private-sector payment arrangements. 11.30 Miscellaneous Deposits (220-400) A wide range of miscellaneous deposit accounts are carried on the books of the Reserve Banks. The deposits arise from depositary responsibilities assigned to the Reserve Banks by law—such as accounts opened by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to cover closed banks and checking accounts opened by government agencies. Deposits also arise from work in process at the Reserve Banks, such as payments received from new depository institutions which have not opened for business, Term Deposit Facility maturities, collateral for payment system risk and credit accounts, and interest paid on securities held pending redemption in federal estate tax cases. Deposit accounts are also carried for purposes that are specific to only one or a few Reserve Banks. The Board of Governors, for example, maintains a general fund account at the Richmond Reserve Bank to cover general disbursements and another to cover payroll charges. The individual account descriptions should be adequate to identify the different types of accounts maintained under this heading. For example, "Term Deposit Facility maturities" is a sufficient description, rather than Miscellaneous Deposit account 1, etc. 11.40 Deferred Credit Items (230-050, 230-075, 230-100, 230-125, and 230-150) These accounts are the counterpart of items in process of collection and arise from the fact that Reserve Banks do not