are expected to be high-value or recurring. This account may be used, however, to record transactions for newly established programs until a dedicated account is established, when the balances should be reclassified to the dedicated account. At the close of business each December 31, this account balance should include only the low-value and infrequent Markets related transactions. 11.99 Central Bank Liquidity Swap Accounts (242-100) When the FRBNY initiates a swap agreement with a foreign central bank for the purpose of obtaining foreign currency, the resulting liability is recorded in this account. For example, the FRBNY may enter into a foreign currency liquidity arrangement whereby the Bank would obtain a foreign currency from a foreign central bank; in this example the foreign currency obtained from the foreign central bank would be recorded as a liability in this account. (See paragraph 4.94 .) 12.00 Reverse Repurchase Agreements—Foreign Official and International Accounts (242-120) This account is used to record the contract amount of reverse repurchase agreements executed with foreign official and international account holders. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities and federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS under agreement with foreign official and international account holders and to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities sold under agreements to repurchase). (See paragraph 40.20 .) On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 12.01 Reverse Repurchase Agreements—Primary Dealers and Expanded Counterparties (242-140) This account is used to record the contract amount of reverse repurchase agreements executed with primary dealers, selected money market funds, and others. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities and federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS under agreement with primary dealers, selected money markets funds, and others and to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities sold under agreements to repurchase). (See paragraph 40.20 .) On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 12.05 Capital Paid-In (310-025) The balance of this account represents the outstanding paid-in value of capital stock issued to member banks as required by law. The par value of shares is one hundred dollars and the paid-in value is $50. A member bank is required to subscribe to the capital stock of its Reserve Bank in an amount equal to 6 percent of its capital and surplus. 9 Half of the subscription is paid in and the other half is subject to call. (The shares do not carry the power through voting to control the management of the Reserve Bank as does ordinary stock in private banks and corporations.) Changes in a member bank's stock or surplus may require an adjustment in its holdings of the Reserve Bank's capital stock as outlined in Regulation I. The stock may not be transferred, nor may the owning member bank hypothecate its shares. 12.10 Surplus (320-025) The balance of this account represents the portion of net income that is retained by the Bank. Before the December 4, 2015 amendments to the Federal Reserve Act, the Board of Governors required each Reserve Bank to maintain a surplus balance equal to its capital paid-in. On a daily basis, surplus was adjusted to equate the surplus balance to capital paid-in. 10 Effective January 1, 2021, the Federal Reserve Act limits aggregate Reserve Bank surplus to $6.785 billion. Reserve Bank surplus is allocated among the Reserve Banks based on the ratio of each Bank's capital paid-in to total Reserve Bank capital paid-in as of December 31 of each year. On a daily basis, the Board of Governors requires an adjustment to surplus to equate the surplus balance to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the $6.785 billion aggregate surplus limit. (See paragraph 12.60 .) AOCI is a component of each Reserve Bank's surplus account, and a separate account has been established to record transactions related to AOCI. (See paragraph 11.84 .) The balance of AOCI should be included with the Bank's surplus balance in computing the amount necessary to equate surplus to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. Each Reserve Bank should ensure that all entries for transactions to the capital paid-in and AOCI accounts have been recorded before equating surplus to its allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. The following adjustment should be recorded: Dr / Cr: Transferred to or from Surplus (330-225) $xxx Cr / Dr: Surplus (320-025) $xxx. 12.20 Current Income (330-025) This account includes income from all sources for the year to date. The income is derived from assets as described below. Significant income items should be accrued as described in paragraphs 3.95 and 4.92 when earned. Other income is ordinarily credited when received. Income —Receipts representing interest on loans to depository institutions or others, penalties on reserve account deficiencies or overdrafts in reserve or clearing accounts, interest from System Open Market Account (SOMA) and foreign currency holdings, and other receipts specifically identified. Loans —Interest earnings on loans to depository institutions, and earnings from any other loans, which may include loans to Federal Intermediate Credit Banks, other Federal Reserve Banks, and participants in programs or facilities with broad-based eligibility in unusual and exigent circumstances. Acceptances —Discount earned on acceptances. U.S. Treasury, Federal Agency, and GSE Debt securities - System account —Interest earned plus discounts accreted less premiums amortized on Treasury, federal agency, and GSE debt securities held in SOMA. Discounts earned on Treasury bills held in SOMA. This line item includes interest income generated from tri-party repurchase agreements. Other securities —Interest earnings on bills, notes, revenue bonds, and warrants issued by any