for future Bank use or when Bank property is classified as held for sale. All costs associated with the purchase of real estate should be capitalized. Generally, buildings carried in this account should not be depreciated. When the site is approved for construction, Other real estate should be transferred to the appropriate Bank premises accounts (in most cases, Land). In some cases, other real estate will include buildings with tenants. Income and expenses involved in operating buildings purchased after 1976 should be functioned through current expenses. If the real estate contains a building that will eventually be razed, depreciation should be discontinued upon acquisition. The carrying amount of other real estate that is held for sale should not exceed its fair value. The carrying value of other real estate held for sale should be evaluated by the end of the calendar year, at a minimum, to determine if adjustments are necessary (see paragraph 30.95 ). This does not necessarily require an annual formal appraisal; however, valuation methodologies should be consistent. 31.00 Real Estate Reporting Requirements Paragraph 60.39 provides instructions for the preparation and submission of required accounting reports FR 612 and FR 892. Footnotes 1. The Annual Report may be found at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/annual-report/default.htm . Return to text 2. Refer to paragraph 30.05 for accounting guidance on environmental remediation costs, which must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Return to text 3. Refer to paragraph 30.05 for accounting for any environmental remediation costs, such as asbestos abatement, because they should be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Return to text 4. FAM was revised in 1996 to allow for specialized improvements. Return to text 5. For lessees, the discount rate used to evaluate the "substantially all" criterion is a risk-free discount rate (i.e., Treasury borrowing rate) determined using a period comparable with that of the lease term. Return to text 6. A guarantee made to a lessor that the value of an underlying asset returned to the lessor at the end of a lease will be at least a specified amount. Return to text 7. Those factors shall be considered together, and the existence of any one factor does not necessarily signify that a lessee is reasonably certain to exercise or not to exercise an option. Return to text 8. Initial direct costs are the incremental costs of a lease that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. These include broker commissions and payments made to an existing tenant to incentivize that tenant to terminate its lease. Return to text 9. Initial direct costs are the incremental costs of a lease that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. These include broker commissions and payments made to an existing tenant to incentivize that tenant to terminate its lease. Return to text 10. See paragraph 30.70 for specialized improvement additions. Return to text 11. See paragraph 30.05 . Return to text 12. To the extent these assets have an associated liability, such as with a capitalized lease, the liability should also be included. Return to text 13. Software should be included with the applicable equipment. When it is no longer probable that computer software being developed will be completed and placed in service, the asset shall be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, if any, less costs to sell. The rebuttable presumption is that such uncompleted software has a fair value of zero consistent with FASB ASC Topic 350-40-35-3. Return to text 14. Refer to appendix D for evaluating for software impairments. Return to text 15. This does not include assets that have been in production (and depreciated accordingly) and that will continue to be used for their intended purpose throughout their useful life. Return to text 16. Estimating cash flows for assets, especially those that support non-priced services areas is problematic. The basis for this proxy is the idea that the result of the pricing process is to match cash flows with costs and that the historical depreciation during full cost recovery is a reasonable proxy for the cash flows. If, a Reserve Bank has another, more accurate method, for computing true cash flows from an asset class, that may be used. Return to text 17. By applying the thresholds at this point rather than after calculating the impairment loss that would be recognized, some administrative costs associated with valuing the asset (group) may be avoided. Return to text 18. Although relocation costs benefit future periods, the accounting principles require such costs to be charged to expense causing a lack of symmetry in treatment between assets transferred inter- and intra-district. Return to text 19. An impairment loss is unlikely in this case as the "undiscounted cash flow" will include the transfer at book value to the other Reserve Bank. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551