Dynamos and stationary electric motors Electrical panels and transformers Non-portable uninterrupted power sources Non-portable power-distribution units Elevators Pumps Switchgear and generators Operating Equipment: Built-in and operationally dedicated material handling and conveying systems; lobby exhibits (A/V, lighting, built-in displays); coin and currency counting and sorting machines; spare sensors; currency shredding equipment; fork lift trucks; electric Car Stations; internal currency and coin transport systems; phone Charging Stations; TV surveillance cameras and monitors; etc. 1 Building Maintenance Equipment: Vacuum cleaners, waxing machines, sanding machines, portable trash compactors, plumbing snake, etc. Shop Equipment: Drill presses, lathes, electric saws, etc. Kitchen and Dining Facilities Equipment: Refrigerators (other than built-in, walk-in refrigerators and freezers), cash registers, microwaves, vending machines, etc. Medical Services Equipment: Sterilizers, sunlamps, scales, hospital beds, stretchers, etc. Audio-Visual Equipment: Video equipment, cameras, projectors and screens, sound systems, speakers, portable and integrated videoconferencing equipment, computerized system for shooting range, etc. Protection Equipment: Biometric devices, access control devices, MAG locks, magnetometers, x-ray machines, bomb detectors, K-9 dogs, etc. Fitness Center Equipment: Treadmills, ellipticals, exercise bikes, etc. Artwork Moveable original works of art created by professional artists, including paintings, outdoor artwork, and graphics. Does not include framed poster art. Kitchen and Dining Room Equipment Built-in dishwashers Built-in hoods and vents Built-in stoves and ovens Built-in grilles Built-in walk-in freezers and refrigerators Steam tables and serving line equipment Built-in dispensing equipment Built-in ice makers Built-in pizza ovens Other Equipment: Cash residue equipment Parking equipment Retractable bollards and moveable gates Surveillance and protection equipment (security Portal, Speed Lanes) 1 Equipment designated with a maximum 15-year useful life: incinerators, high-density filing systems, high-speed equipment. See 30.78 . 2 Initial installation costs of equipment may be recorded as a building cost if not readily identifiable in construction contracts or invoices. Costs incurred to replace ducts, conduits, cables, wiring, and power points that support specific building, machinery, and equipment should be recorded as installation costs. 30.47 Methods of Capitalization—Furniture and Equipment Prior to 2021, two accounting methods were followed in capitalizing and depreciating these assets—the "individual asset" method (as is used for all other asset categories) and the "pooled asset" method. Assets classified as furniture, furnishings, and fixtures were previously capitalized and depreciated using the pooled asset method, as described in paragraph 30.55 below. Beginning in 2021, furniture, furnishings, and fixtures will have a capitalization threshold applied to the individual asset level rather than a pooled method. In addition to purchased furniture, a Reserve Bank may, at its option, capitalize and depreciate salaries and the outside cost of materials that are consumed in the construction of furniture and equipment by Reserve Bank personnel. These costs are capitalized and depreciated using the individual asset method. Equipment with a cost of $10,000 or more must be capitalized using the individual asset method. Equipment with a purchase cost below $10,000 should be expensed. If equipment costs less than $10,000 for an individual item but significant quantities are acquired, and the total purchase exceeds $100,000, then the purchase may be capitalized and recorded with notification to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section, which has 10 business days to object to the accounting treatment. The pooled asset method of capitalizing, depreciating, and handling improvements is discussed in paragraphs 30.55–30.58 . All other paragraphs in this chapter relate to the individual asset accounting method. Maximum useful lives for furniture and equipment asset groupings under both the individual asset and pooled asset method are found in table 30.78 . 30.50 Equipment Equipment (with the exception of those items that are pooled as a bulk purchase) should be capitalized on an individual item basis and recorded within the appropriate asset account. This account should be charged for the full acquisition cost as described in paragraph 30.01 and care should be taken to ensure asset and liability accounts are properly reflected at the time the asset is received. 30.51 Artwork Artwork should be capitalized on an individual item basis and under the threshold set forth for equipment. Artwork should be recorded based on the full acquisition cost as described in paragraph 30.01 . Non-capitalizable artwork should be expensed and recorded to operating expense (330-050). 30.55 Pooled Asset Method Prior to 2021, the pooled asset method was used to account for furniture, furnishings, and fixtures. Pooling allowed small dollar/large quantity assets to be appropriately reflected on the financial statements without imposing the unnecessary tracking of each asset individually as a practical expedient. Under the pooled asset accounting concept, no individual item had a recorded and separately identifiable book value. Rather, it was the group (pool) account that carries a book value. Accordingly, as was noted from the following instructions, once a pool account had been established, the amount in the pool account remains unchanged for as long as the pool account remains in existence (until it is fully depreciated). Any furniture, furnishings, and fixtures purchased in 2021 will use the individual asset method of capitalization. All purchases handled under the pooled asset method were to be capitalized into pooled accounts at full acquisition cost, including, where applicable, such items as outside installation costs, furniture assembly, freight charges, warehousing, insurance, and taxes. Each calendar year was considered as a separate pool and all purchases made within a given calendar year were considered a part of that pool account. The change from pooled accounting will be applied prospectively, only. If a Reserve Bank capitalizes a particular bulk purchase of low-cost equipment based on paragraph 30.01 , that purchase will still be handled similarly to previously pooled assets, in that the items will not be individually tracked or have separately identifiable book values but depreciation should begin once the assets are put into service. 30.56 Pooled Asset Depreciation For 2020 and prior-year pooled assets, depreciation will be calculated monthly on the gross amount of each pool account, using the "straight-line method." Depreciation on each furniture pool account will begin in the first month following the end of the pool year (calendar year). Guidelines on useful lives of pooled assets are found in