Home About the Fed Contact Ombuds Contact Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Board of Governors Ombuds Whistleblower Reporting Careers Comments on Regulations Independent Foreclosure Review Main Telephone/TDD General Comments for the Chair and the Board of Governors Publications Reserve Banks Tours Media Inquiries Inspector General Freedom of Information (FOIA) Other Agencies Privacy Act Statement for Contact Us and CBDC Form Ombuds Policy Statement Related Content SR 20-28 / CA 20-14 | Federal Register notice : Internal Appeals Process for Material Supervisory Determinations and Policy Statement Regarding the Ombudsman for the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Consumer Help Program Policy Statement Section 309 of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, 12 U.S.C. 4806, requires each of the Federal banking agencies to appoint an Ombuds. Section 309 provides that the Ombuds: Is to act as a liaison between the agency and any affected person with respect to any problem such party may have in dealing with the agency resulting from the regulatory activities of the agency; and Is to assure that safeguards exist to encourage complainants to come forward and preserve confidentiality. Mission of the Ombuds The Ombuds is charged with performing three major functions: (1) serving as a facilitator and moderator for the fair and timely resolution of complaints related to the Federal Reserve System's regulatory activities; (2) reporting to the Board on issues that are likely to have a significant impact on the Federal Reserve System's missions, activities, or reputation that arise from the Ombuds's review of complaints, such as patterns of issues that occur in multiple complaints; and (3) receiving, reviewing, and deciding claims of retaliatory conduct by Federal Reserve System staff. The Ombuds also serves as the initial recipient for appeals of material supervisory determinations and plays a role in resolving appeals of some consumer complaints. In addition, the Ombuds ensures that safeguards exist to encourage complainants to come forward and to protect confidentiality. Serving as a Complaint Facilitator The Ombuds assists institutions with issues and questions related to Reserve Bank or Board regulatory activities. In doing so, the Ombuds shall operate independently of the supervisory process to the extent necessary to ensure that appropriate safeguards exist to encourage complainants to come forward and preserve confidentiality. In situations where the Board has not established a process for addressing a certain type of question or complaint, the Ombuds is available to facilitate the resolution of the question or complaint. Although the Ombuds does not have decision-making authority regarding any substantive matters, including supervisory determinations and regulatory action (other than for retaliation claims), the Ombuds is available to assist institutions, and particularly community banks, in locating the correct Federal Reserve System staff person to address or resolve such a question or complaint and may coordinate meetings and facilitate discussions between the institution and System staff, including senior officials, as necessary. In order to facilitate this process, the Ombuds may investigate the situation in order to identify the relevant facts and circumstances. The Ombuds may also participate in meetings or discussions related to the matter if requested by either the institution or System staff, and may require updates from System staff, as appropriate, until the matter is resolved. If the Ombuds believes such a complaint has not been satisfactorily addressed, the Ombuds may raise the matter with the appropriate division director or Board committee, as appropriate. When an issue is brought to the attention of the Ombuds for which the Board's rules or procedures provide an avenue of appeal or another appropriate forum for resolution, the Ombuds will explain the process to the complaining party, and direct the party to the appropriate appeals process or forum for the complaint. 1 In addition, the Ombuds is also available to facilitate informal discussions between a potential appellant and the appropriate Reserve Bank or Board staff in order to explore solutions before an appeal is filed. Such discussions do not stay or otherwise alter any of the deadlines under the Board's rules or procedures. The Ombuds will serve as the initial recipient for an appeal of a material supervisory determination and may attend, as an observer, meetings or deliberations relating to the appeal if requested by either the institution or System personnel. In any event, the Ombuds will not have any substantive involvement in or act as a decision-maker with respect to the appeal. Providing Feedback on Patterns of Issues The Ombuds is in a unique position to identify and report patterns of issues arising from complaints related to Reserve Bank or Board regulatory activities. The Ombuds will track inquiries and complaints based on relevant characteristics, such as geographic location, scope, policy implications, and final disposition, to help identify any such trends, including trends that implicate differently sized institutions disproportionately. This tracking will be conducted in a manner designed to preserve confidentiality of the complainant to the maximum extent possible. As appropriate, the Ombuds will report findings of patterns of issues to the appropriate Board committee or division director and Reserve Bank or Board staff. The Ombuds will also report any issue stemming from a complaint that is likely to have a significant impact on the Federal Reserve System's mission, activities, or reputation. Retaliation Claims by Supervised Persons The Board does not tolerate retaliation by Federal Reserve System staff against a supervised institution or its employees ("supervised persons"). Retaliation is defined as any action or decision by Reserve Bank or Board staff that causes a supervised person to be treated differently or more harshly than other similarly situated institutions because the supervised person attempted to resolve a complaint by filing an appeal of a material supervisory determination or utilized any other Board mechanisms for resolving complaints. Retaliation includes, but is not limited to, delaying or denying action that might benefit a supervised person without a sound supervisory reason or subjecting a supervised institution to heightened examination standards without a sound supervisory reason. The Ombuds is authorized