Home About the Fed Board Members Board Members RSS Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Jerome H. Powell, Chair Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision Michael S. Barr Lisa D. Cook Adriana D. Kugler Christopher J. Waller Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present Lisa D. Cook Recent Speeches Welcoming Remarks Economic Outlook A View on Financial Stability Opening Remarks on Productivity Dynamics Four Guides for the Journey Ahead View More Lisa D. Cook took office as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on May 23, 2022, to fill an unexpired term ending January 31, 2024. She was reappointed to the Board on September 8, 2023, and sworn in on September 13, 2023, for a term ending January 31, 2038. Prior to her appointment to the Board, Dr. Cook was a professor of economics and international relations at Michigan State University. From 2018 to 2021, she was director of the American Economic Association Summer Training Program. She was also a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research. Previously, Dr. Cook was on the faculty of Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. During her time at Harvard, Dr. Cook also served as deputy director for Africa Research at the Center for International Development. Before then, she was a National Fellow at Stanford University. From 2011 to 2012, Dr. Cook served as a senior economist on the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama. From 2000 to 2001, she served as a senior adviser on finance and development in the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of International Affairs. Dr. Cook received a BA in philosophy from Spelman College. As a Marshall Scholar, she received a second BA in philosophy, politics, and economics from Oxford University. She earned a PhD in economics from the University of California, Berkeley. Back to Top Last Update: September 13, 2023