Thus, no one will be required to submit any statements before December 31, 2024. After that date you will only be asked for information recorded in statements starting after December 31, 2024. II. Divestitures Q8: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to a new covered individual's existing assets? Updated: 2/5/2024 A8: Whether a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may keep an asset depends on whether the asset is permissible under the policy. Covered individuals must divest impermissible assets under section 1 of the policy. Retention of existing holdings of individual equity securities and sector funds is permitted under section 2(a) of the policy, but new purchases of individual equity securities and sector funds are not permitted. Q9: How long do I have to divest impermissible assets under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A9: If you become a covered individual, you have six months after the date on which you become a covered individual to dispose of impermissible assets. If a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) acquires an impermissible investment through gift, inheritance, merger, acquisition, or other change in corporate structure, or otherwise without specific intent to acquire the investment, the covered individual has six months from the date of acquisition to dispose of the investment. Q10: Do the divestiture periods under the Policy for Covered Individuals affect divestiture requirements and time periods under other applicable ethics policies? Updated: 2/5/2024 A10: No. For example, Board members’ ethics agreements, the Board’s supplemental rules of ethical conduct, and the Reserve Banks’ Code of Conduct may require divestiture of certain assets—like bank stocks—upon entering a covered position, or within 90 days. This policy does not alter any of those divestiture requirements and time periods. Q11: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat inheritances? Updated: 2/5/2024 A11: Whether a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may keep inherited assets depends on whether the underlying assets are permissible under the policy. Section 1(d)(1)(i) requires a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) to divest inherited assets that are impermissible under section 1 of the policy—such as debt securities or Treasury bonds—within six months of acquisition. Section 1(d)(1)(i) does not apply, however, to inherited individual equity securities or sector funds. If a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) inherits an individual equity security or sector fund that they are not otherwise prohibited from owning under other ethics requirements, the covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) is not required to divest the asset because section 2(a) of the policy only prohibits purchases of individual equity securities or sector funds. Inheriting an asset is not a purchase of an asset. Example : A person becomes a covered individual on May 6, 2025. On June 1, 2025, following the death of the covered individual’s father, the covered individual inherits a portfolio of equity securities and debt securities issued by Company A. The covered individual has six months (until December 1, 2025) to divest the debt securities of Company A. The covered individual is not required to divest the equity securities of Company A, as they are not impermissible holdings under section 1 of the policy. The covered individual may keep the inherited equity securities of Company A but is prohibited from purchasing additional shares in Company A under section 2(a) of the policy. Q12: When is an asset considered "acquired" in the context of inheritance or other situations where a covered individual does not have specific intent to acquire an asset? Updated: 2/5/2024 A12: A covered individual has "acquired" an asset under section 1(d)(1)(i) once the individual has control over the asset. III. Interaction with other ethics requirements Q13: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals interact with other ethics requirements? Updated: 2/5/2024 A13: The Policy for Covered Individuals provides that covered individuals must continue to comply with other applicable ethics laws, rules, or policies. Assets that are otherwise permissible under the policy nevertheless may be prohibited under other ethics rules (e.g., existing holdings of equity in banks or primary dealers, or shares of financial services sector funds that have underlying investments in banks or other depository institutions) or require recusals. Covered individuals are responsible for understanding their obligations under other ethics requirements. IV. Spouses and children Q14: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals define "minor child"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A14: "Minor child" means a child of a covered individual who is defined as a minor under state law (generally under 18 years old). Q15: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals define "spouse"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A15: Consistent with Office of Government Ethics financial disclosure guidance, "spouse" means an individual to whom a covered individual is legally married. It does not include an individual with whom a covered individual is in a civil union, domestic partnership, or any other relationship other than marriage. Q16: What happens if I anticipate changes in my marital status? Updated: 2/5/2024 A16: If you are planning to get married, please review the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff, these FAQs, and your future spouse’s financial interests to ensure that you are able to comply with the requirements of the policy. If you are living apart from your spouse with the intention of ending the marriage or permanently separating, you should promptly notify, in writing (e.g., via email) the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official, and if applicable, the Reserve Bank ethics official, of these circumstances. Individuals living apart from a spouse with the intention of ending the marriage or permanently separating, or those that are already permanently separated, are not required to report any financial interests solely owned by the spouse, or transactions that are solely initiated by the spouse. If you jointly own assets with your spouse—or anyone else—and you plan to initiate securities transactions involving those assets, the policy’s advance notice and pre-clearance requirements apply to those transactions. Q17: If a covered individual marries, what divestiture period applies?