by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Act Federal Reserve Act Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Official title Section 1. Short title and definitions Section 2. Federal Reserve Districts Section 2A. Monetary policy objectives Section 2B. Appearances Before and Reports to the Congress Section 3. Branch Offices Section 4. Federal Reserve Banks Section 5. Stock Issues; Increase and Decrease of Capital Section 6. Insolvency of member banks Section 7. Division of Earnings Section 8. Conversion of state banks into national banks Section 9. State Banks as Members Section 9A. Participation in lotteries prohibited Section 9B. Resolution of Clearing Banks Section 10. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 10A. Emergency advances to groups of member banks* Section 10B. Advances to Individual Member Banks* Section 11. Powers of Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 11A. Pricing of Services Section 11B. Annual Independent Audits of Federal Reserve Banks and Board Section 11C. Master Account and Services Database Section 12. Federal Advisory Council Section 12A. Federal Open Market Committee Section 13. Powers of Federal Reserve Banks Section 13A.* Discount of agricultural paper Section 14. Open-Market Operations Section 15. Government Deposits Section 16. Note Issues Section 17. Deposit of bonds by national banks Section 18. Refunding Bonds Section 19. Bank Reserves Section 20. National bank notes redemption fund as reserve Section 21. Bank Examinations Section 22. Offenses of examiners, member banks, officers, and directors Section 23. Interbank Liabilities* Section 23A. Relations with affiliates Section 23B. Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates Section 24. Real Estate Loans Section 24A. Investment in Bank Premises or Stock of Corporation Holding Premises Section 25. Foreign Branches Section 25A. Banking Corporations Authorized to Do Foreign Banking Business* Section 25B. Jurisdiction of suits* Section 25C. Potential Liability on Foreign Accounts Section 26. [Repealed] Section 27. Tax on national bank notes Section 28. Reduction of capital of national banks Section 29. Civil Money Penalty Section 30. Saving clause Section 31. Reservation of right to amend Section 25. Foreign Branches 1. Capital and surplus required to exercise powers Any national banking association possessing a capital and surplus of $1,000,000 or more may file application with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for permission to exercise, upon such conditions and under such regulations as may be prescribed by the said board, the following powers: First. To establish branches in foreign countries or dependencies or insular possessions of the United States for the furtherance of the foreign commerce of the United States, and to act if required to do so as fiscal agents of the United States. Second. To invest an amount not exceeding in the aggregate ten per centum of its paid-in capital stock and surplus in the stock of one or more banks or corporations chartered or incorporated under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof, and principally engaged in international or foreign banking, or banking in a dependency or insular possession of the United States either directly or through the agency, ownership, or control of local institutions in foreign countries, or in such dependencies or insular possessions. Third. To acquire and hold, directly or indirectly, stock or other evidences of ownership in one or more banks organized under the law of a foreign country or a dependency or insular possession of the United States and not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any activity in the United States except as, in the judgment of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, shall be incidental to the international or foreign business of such foreign bank; and, notwithstanding the provisions of section 23A of this Act, to make loans or extensions of credit to or for the account of such bank in the manner and within the limits prescribed by the Board by general or specific regulation or ruling. [12 USC 601. As amended by act of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 755), which completely revised this section, and by act of July 1, 1966 (80 Stat. 241).] 2. Right of national banks to invest in foreign banking corporations until January 1, 1921 Until January 1, 1921, any national banking association, without regard to the amount of its capital and surplus, may file application with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for permission, upon such conditions and under such regulations as may be prescribed by said board, to invest an amount not exceeding in the aggregate 5 per centum of its paid-in capital and surplus in the stock of one or more corporations chartered or incorporated under the laws of the United States or of any State thereof and, regardless of its location, principally engaged in such phases of international or foreign financial operations as may be necessary to facilitate the export of goods, wares, or merchandise from the United States or any of its dependencies or insular