risk of distorting assets. The rate (blended or two-rate) that a Reserve Bank chooses to use should be consistently applied for all District assets. Rates should be calculated based on budgeted annual employee salaries (including all types of variable compensation) and budgeted benefit costs, and/or the budgeted annual OAH costs divided by the total applicable annual work hours (AWH). The rates should be adjusted to account for employee turnover, organizational changes, or changes in retirement and other benefits (ROB) rates that have occurred since final budget submission. Two-rate approach: Accessible Version | Return to text Blended-rate approach: Accessible Version | Return to text 9. Assigning a useful life to the software asset The estimated useful life over which the costs will be amortized should reflect the circumstances for that specific asset. The circumstances to consider include the type of software (for example, operating software, application software) and the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition, immediate- and long-term plans, and other economic factors should be considered. For example, rapid changes in the availability of alternative software solutions or hardware technology (on which the software will operate) would contribute to a shorter expected useful life. Consultation with the outside party (when appropriate), the product or function office, business areas, other Reserve Banks, and Board staff may be necessary in order to determine the appropriate useful life and should reflect the circumstances for that specific asset. While FAM sets the maximum useful life that should be assigned to any software asset at five years, in unusual situations, a request to establish a longer life may be submitted for Board staff approval. The rationale for any adopted useful life should be defensible. Each element (a component or module) or improvement should be recorded separately from the underlying software asset and assigned a unique useful life, not to exceed five years. In some cases, the separately recorded element or improvement may be assigned a useful life that ends co-terminously with the underlying software asset if the analysis warrants such treatment. For example, an element or improvement may be recorded separately, but be amortized co-terminously with the original asset because it is known that the software will be decommissioned at a specific future date. 10. Amortization of software A software asset is amortized over its useful life. For each element or improvement, amortization should begin when the software is ready for its intended use (after all substantial testing is completed and not necessarily when it is placed in production). If the functionality of an element is entirely dependent on the completion of another element, amortization should begin when the functionality of both elements are ready for their intended use. 11. Regular evaluation of assigned useful lives At a minimum, each Bank should assess annually the useful lives of software. Each Bank should also assess annually the amortization periods assigned to implementation costs for a cloud computing arrangement that does not contain a software license. If there is a need to change the useful life or amortization period due to the effects of obsolescence, technology, and other economic factors, then revisions are made prospectively. As such, the current net book value is amortized over the revised remaining useful life. In cases where this analysis results in an extension of a useful life for software, the extension should not exceed the maximum allowed by FAM, which is five years. In unusual situations, a request to establish a longer life may be submitted for Board staff approval. 12. Impairment and write-off of software development costs or software assets Significant events or changes in operating circumstances warrant a review to determine whether the carrying value of an existing software asset or capitalized implementation costs for a cloud computing arrangement that does not contain a software license is not recoverable and should be impaired. Tests should be performed consistent with FAM, Chapter 3, section 30.95 (Asset Impairment) and Board staff should be contacted for approval. In the case of software applications developed for Treasury, no impairment typically results because all costs including those associated with software are generally recoverable from the Treasury. The need for a change in estimated useful life, however, should be considered. Impairment is applicable, for example, when one of the following events or changes in circumstances occurs related to the software being developed or currently in use indicating that the carrying amount may not be recoverable according to ASC Topic 350-40: Internal-use computer software or the cloud computing arrangement is not expected to provide substantive service potential. A significant change occurs in the extent or manner in which the software or the cloud computing arrangement is used or is expected to be used. A significant change is made or will be made to the software program or the cloud computing arrangement. Costs of developing or modifying the internal-use computer software significantly exceed the amount originally expected to develop or modify the software. When it is no longer probable that a software project will be completed, no further costs should be capitalized and any costs that have been capitalized should be written off. Any expected recovery of accumulated costs from third parties, including the U.S. Treasury, should be considered in the write off. Indications that the software may no longer be completed include: the lack of commitments to fund further development the discontinuance of the business segment the software was designed for the inability to resolve programming difficulties timely significant cost overruns or a decision to obtain third-party software instead and abandon the current software development. 13. Unusual situations Categorization of some software development may not be as readily ascertainable from the above guidance and may require more analysis and review with the product or support office, business area, and Board staff to determine whether the software costs should be capitalized or expensed. 14. Software Standard Task Description List Reserve Bank initiatives with a software component must comply with the PPM Standard. The PPM Standard also applies to any Reserve Bank technology initiative, including software development, purchased software (vendor-developed/purchased