the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset if market participants would consider the effect of the restriction in pricing the asset. 83.04 Securities Impairments For securities classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity under FASB ASC Topic 320-10, the Bank must evaluate the securities for impairment, as outlined in FASB ASC Topic 326. For trading securities or securities accounted for at fair value under FASB ASC Topic 825-10, unrealized holding losses are included in earnings and, therefore, it is not necessary to evaluate such securities for impairment. For held-to-maturity securities, an approach to testing impairment should follow guidance in FASB Topic ASC 326-20, an approach which is outlined within paragraph 81.03 for financial assets measured at amortized cost. FASB ASC Topic 326-30 describes the process for recognizing impairment of securities classified as available-for-sale. The model for recognizing impairment is a departure from that outlined for held-to-maturity securities because an entity may realize the value of the securities either through (1) collection of the contractual cash flows by holding the securities, or (2) through the sale of the securities. When evaluating available-for-sale securities for possible impairment, the Reserve Bank should consider the following questions: Question 1: Is the fair value of the debt security less than its amortized cost basis? Yes —Generally, an investment is considered impaired if the fair value of the investment is less than its cost. The Bank should determine whether an investment is impaired at the individual security level in each reporting period. FASB ASC Topic 326-30 describes the "individual security level" as the level of aggregation used by the reporting entity to measure realized and unrealized gains and losses on its debt and equity securities. FASB ASC Topic 326-30 also discusses that an investor should not combine separate contracts, such as a debt security and separate guarantee or other credit enhancement, when performing the impairment analysis. Consider the subsequent question 2 in the available-for-sale decision tree for further consideration regarding recognizing the security's potential impairment. No —The security under consideration is not impaired. No further procedures are considered necessary. Question 2: Is there intent to sell the debt security, or is there a more likely than not possibility that the security will be required to be sold before the recovery of the amortized cost basis? Yes —As required within FASB Topic ASC 326-30, once there is an intent to sell the debt security, or there is a more likely than not possibility that the security will be required to be sold before the recovery of the amortized cost basis, any previously recognized allowance for credit losses should be written off and the amortized cost basis shall be written down to the security's fair value at the reporting date, with any incremental impairment subsequently reported in income. At subsequent reporting periods, the previous amortized cost basis less the amounts written off (inclusive of non-credit related impairment reported in earnings) is considered to be the new amortized cost basis of the investment and it should not be adjusted for subsequent recoveries in fair value. No —proceed to question 3 below to consider the underlying reason for the decline in fair value of the security under evaluation for impairment. Question 3: Is the decrease in fair value below the amortized cost noted in question 1 a result of credit loss, or is it driven by a factor other than credit losses, such as a change in market rates, not related to credit considerations of the underlying issuer of the security? Yes —A quantitative evaluation of whether a credit loss exists on the security should be performed by the Reserve Bank. As a part of this assessment, the present value of cash flows expected to be collectible from the security should be compared with the amortized cost basis. If the present value analysis results in a fair value that is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses should be recognized by the Reserve Bank. Note, as part of this evaluation, the amount of the credit loss recognized should be limited by the difference between the calculated fair value and the amortized cost basis because the Reserve Bank could theoretically sell the securities at fair value to offset the full realization of credit losses. In accordance with FASB Topic ASC 326-30, the following qualitative factors should be considered when determining whether a credit loss exists: The magnitude of the calculated difference between the fair value and the amortized cost Specific adverse condition factors related to the security, including certain considerations over the industry or geographic area of the issuer of the security The payment structure of the debt security Non-payment of contractually owed interest or principal by the issuer Changes to credit ratings of the security Note, factors such as length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position (i.e., the fair value less than the amortized cost basis of the security), the security's historic price volatility, or post balance sheet date increases/decreases in fair value should not be used by themselves, or in combination with others, by the Reserve Bank to conclude that a credit loss does not exist. In estimating the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring impairment on the available-for-sale security, the amounts should be the Reserve Bank's best estimate based on the historic performance of the security, adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Elements specific to the security, such as the remaining maturity of the security, potential prepayment activity, underlying financial health of the issuer, value/type of collateral, and expected future credit events (i.e., default or bankruptcy), should be used when estimating the amount and timing of collection of expected future cash flows. Available information directly related to the collectability of the security, including industry, economic, or regulatory factors, should also be considered when developing an estimate. Refer to FASB Topic ASC 326-30 for a full list of considerations that the Reserve Bank should review