Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Banks Federal Reserve Banks Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Overview: Federal Reserve System Boards of Directors Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas City Dallas San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Neel Kashkari President Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Neel Kashkari took office January 1, 2016, as the 13th president and chief executive officer of the Ninth District, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Before taking office at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, Mr. Kashkari was managing director and member of the executive office at PIMCO. In January 2013, he resigned from the firm to explore a run for public office. In 2014, he was a candidate for governor of California. Prior to joining PIMCO in 2009, Mr. Kashkari served in the U.S. Department of the Treasury from 2006 to 2009, first as senior adviser to Secretary Henry Paulson and then as assistant secretary of the Treasury. In the latter role, he established and led the Office of Financial Stability and oversaw the Troubled Assets Relief Program for both Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Before joining the Treasury Department, Mr. Kashkari was a vice president at Goldman Sachs in San Francisco. Previously, he was an aerospace engineer at TRW Corp. Mr. Kashkari was born on July 30, 1973, in Akron, Ohio. He has a bachelor's and a master's degrees in mechanical engineering, both from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. View More Bank Location 90 Hennepin Avenue Minneapolis, MN 55401 (612) 204-5000 Visitor Information Tour Head office at Minneapolis, Minnesota. Branch Bank at Helena, Montana. Covers the states of Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota; the Upper Peninsula of Michigan; and 26 counties in northern Wisconsin. Website: https://www.minneapolisfed.org/ Branches Helena 100 Neill Avenue, Helena, MT 59601 (406) 447-3800 List of Directors Class A Name Title Term expires December 31 Brenda K. Foster Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer First Western Bank and Trust Minot, North Dakota 2025 Gerald H. Jacobson President Northwestern Bank Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin 2026 Laura Clark President and Chief Executive Officer Opportunity Bank of Montana Helena, Montana 2027 Class B Name Title Term expires December 31 Lakota Vogel Executive Director Four Bands Community Fund Eagle Butte, South Dakota 2025 Chelsie Glaubitz Gabiou President Minneapolis Regional Labor Federation, AFL-CIO Minneapolis, Minnesota 2026 Andrea Walsh President and Chief Executive Officer HealthPartners Bloomington, Minnesota 2027 Class C Name Title Term expires December 31 Chris Hilger (Chair) Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Securian Financial St. Paul, Minnesota 2025 Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer CHS Inc. Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota 2026 Paul D. Williams (Deputy Chair) Founder and Principal Consultant, Williams Community Supports, and Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Project for Pride in Living Minneapolis, Minnesota 2027 HELENA BRANCH Appointed by the Federal Reserve Bank: Name Title Term expires December 31 Mary Rutherford President and Chief Executive Officer Montana Community Foundation Helena, Montana 2025 William C. Keller President and Chief Executive Officer Independence Bank Havre, Montana 2026 Deb Poteet President Poteet Construction, Inc. Missoula, Montana 2027 Appointed by the Board of Governors: Name Title Term expires December 31 Alan D. Ekblad Senior and Managing Partner Strategic Labor Partnerships Helena, Montana 2026 Dennis Fitzpatrick Chief Executive Officer Siyeh Corporation Browning, Montana 2027 Back to Top Last Update: May 14, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551