Asset Impairment ASC 360 defines impairment as the condition that exists when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) exceeds its fair value. Contrary to disposals or trade-ins of assets that are typically undertaken in the normal course of business, impairments may arise whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset (group) might not be recoverable. At the time an asset is judged to be materially and permanently impaired (whether partial or total), a loss should be recognized in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360-10. As a general rule, the loss associated with the impairment of land and building (in-service date ending 1995) should be charged to Profit & Loss. The loss associated with impairments of land improvements, building improvements (in-service date beginning 1996), and furniture and equipment should be charged to Current Expense. 10 The offset should be recognized by reducing the book value of the asset through a credit to the asset account if the asset is held for use. The reduction in book value for impaired assets held for disposal should be credited to the corresponding asset account. The asset account may be adjusted for subsequent revisions in estimates of fair value less costs to sell, provided that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its original carrying value (prior to any impairment recognition). Regardless of the outcome of the impairment analysis, the useful life and salvage value of the asset should be evaluated and adjusted in accordance with FAM 30.75 and 30.76 . In contrast to asset disposals, all assets that have been determined to be impaired, whether in-service or work-in-process, must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Information such as the description of the asset, whether the asset will be written down or written-off, the reason for the impairment, and the proposed entries to account for the asset impairment should be provided along with the request for approval. The fair value of assets considered for impairment should be determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements. 11 A fair value measurement assumes that an asset is exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants, and assumes the highest and best use of the asset. In determining the amount of an impairment, the fair value is not to be reduced for transaction costs such as incremental direct costs to sell the asset. Asset Grouping For purposes of evaluating and recognizing impairment losses, assets should be grouped with other assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. 12 For example, a check only facility to be closed would group all of its equipment into one group. Other likely groupings include: buildings including general improvements, land, specialized improvements (those related to a unique function), and leasehold improvements. 13 In the case of assets (groups) that do not have cash flows that are identifiable as largely independent of the other assets of the Bank, such as head office buildings, those assets should be grouped with all the assets of the Bank. Is this asset (group) available for sale? If an asset is held for sale, then it is recorded at its fair value less selling costs and not depreciated (even if it is held and used). There are six conditions that must be met in order to classify an asset as held for sale. Management commits to a plan to sell the asset (group). The asset (group) is available for immediate sale in its current condition. An active program to find a buyer has been initiated. The sale is expected to be completed within one year. The asking price is reasonable in relation to fair value. Actions taken indicate that it is unlikely that the plan to sell will be withdrawn or significantly changed. Evaluating for Impairments Whenever major events or changes in operating circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, perform an evaluation of the recorded carrying value of the associated asset to determine if a write-down due to impairment is needed. 14 The following tests should be applied when such events or changes in circumstances occur or on an annual basis in the absence of such events or changes to determine if asset impairment is appropriate: A significant decrease in the fair value of an asset held for disposal. 15 A significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used or a significant physical change in an asset. A significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of an asset or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. An accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected to acquire or construct an asset where these costs are not anticipated to be recoverable in the future. A current period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with an asset used for the purpose of producing revenue. A current expectation that it is "more likely than not" that the asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Does the carrying value (book value) exceed the amount that can be recovered (undiscounted net cash flows)? This step is focused on whether the current value is recoverable not whether it is impaired. It is possible, for example, that an asset could have a carrying value well in excess of current market prices that still produces enough cash flows to cover its costs. Loss impairments are not recognized in these cases. The undiscounted cash flows include the cash flows throughout the life of the asset (group) including disposal. If, for example, the useful life of the asset is shorter because of changes in the extent of how it will be used,