5 and 6, the Board shall conduct market research to determine whether the hourly priced service is available under standard acquisition method 3 that best meets the Board's needs in terms of price and quality. Micro-purchase procedures. This process may be used when goods and services have a total cost at or less than the micro-purchase threshold. Informal price and/or quality comparisons are encouraged but not required. Procurements at or less than the micro-purchase threshold should generally be made by P-Card to minimize the Board's administrative costs. Procurement actions shall not be artificially divided to meet the micro-purchase threshold. Acquisitions from the General Services Administration's Federal Supply Schedule or other federal/governmentwide contract or schedule. This method may be used when a vendor has a contract or schedule to sell goods and/or services to the federal government that is listed on the General Services Administration's Federal Supply Schedule (GSA Schedule). The CO may purchase goods or services listed on another federal agency's contract or governmentwide contract or schedule, provided the Legal Division has determined that such contracts or schedules operate in a manner that is consistent with the GSA Schedule. The Board may purchase the goods and services listed on such vendor contract or schedule without considering other vendors, except when the Board is purchasing services that are priced hourly. For services that are priced hourly, the CO should, in conjunction with the Contracting for Services policy, attempt to obtain at least three quotations and select a vendor whose quotation is most advantageous to the Board, considering price and other factors. The CO may negotiate for pricing or other contract terms more favorable than what is listed in the government schedule or contract. For administrative convenience, the CO may add items not on the contract or schedule only if the purchase of the items not on the contract or schedule meet another acquisition method stated in this policy, and the total price for the items not on the contract or schedule and the schedule items does not exceed the price of the schedule items alone, or the CO has determined that the price for the items not on the contract or schedule is fair and reasonable, and all clauses applicable to the items not on the contract or schedule are included in the order. Acquisitions from a competitively selected contractor of the National Procurement Office, National Information Technology Office, Office of Employee Benefits, or Federal Reserve Bank(s) (each an "entity" for purposes of this paragraph) . The CO may purchase goods or services from a contractor selected by one of the entities, provided that it is a current contractor of the entity who was selected through a competitive process that is consistent with the Board's competitive selection process under this policy (i.e., subsections 4 or 5, below); the goods or services the Board obtains from the entity's contractor are substantively the same as or a subset of those provided under the entity's contract; and the entity's contractor will provide such goods and/or services to the Board at the same or lower (unit or prorated) prices or the CO has determined that the price for the goods and/or services is fair and reasonable. The contractor shall also agree to include all terms and conditions the Board deems necessary for its contract with the entity's contractor. "Substantively the same" means the goods and/or services provided to the Board will materially be the same as those provided to the entity, and the terms under which they are provided to the Board comply with the legal requirements applicable to the Board. Other competitive methods for certain best value procurements. In addition to the methods set forth above, the following services may be competitively procured under the methods described hereunder. Agreements for conferencing or hotel space . For agreements with hotels or other facilities for hotel/conference space and related services (e.g., catering) with costs exceeding the micro-purchase threshold per event, Procurement will check availability, capacity, and other requirements and attempt to obtain pricing from at least three providers based on written requirements from the acquiring division or office. Procurement shall work with the acquiring division or office to select the provider that offers the best value when weighing such factors as availability, space, price of the services, and the Board's budget for the event. The selection shall be documented and explain the basis of the best value determination. The CAO will review such determination for any event whose cost exceeds $100,000. Additionally, if the cost of any event will exceed $200,000, Legal Division review of the agreement is required. The CAO will submit a summary of all agreements for conferencing or hotel space to the CFO every six months. Agreements for professional legal services . In addition to using any of the standard acquisition methods listed above in paragraphs A.1 through A.3 of this section, the CO may acquire professional legal services that the General Counsel or Inspector General deems necessary through a best value determination of qualified offerors identified by the Legal Division or Office of Inspector General. The basis of such determination must be documented and may include consideration of the price of the services, level of experience and expertise, general reputation or reputation in the specialized legal practice, availability to perform the services in the time required, and past performance. Use of an SOA document is not required to solicit proposals from law firms or legal professionals for these types of agreements; however, prior to soliciting proposals, an SOW should be developed in order to generate consistent responses from offerors. Formal bidding. Formal bidding is the process of requesting that vendors submit sealed bids for goods or services. Formal bidding may be used when the quality, characteristics, or other aspects of goods or services to be acquired are so standard that no technical evaluation is needed. The contract is awarded to the lowest priced, responsible vendor whose bid meets all the terms and conditions of the request for bid. Negotiated procurement. Negotiated procurement