any securities or other assets from any affiliate unless such purchase is permitted-- under the instrument creating the fiduciary relationship, by court order, or by law of the jurisdiction governing the fiduciary relationship; and whether acting as principal or fiduciary, shall not knowingly purchase or otherwise acquire, during the existence of any underwriting or selling syndicate, any security if a principal underwriter of that security is an affiliate of such bank. Exceptions. Subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) shall not apply if the purchase or acquisition of such securities has been approved, before such securities are initially offered for sale to the public, by a majority of the directors of the bank based on a determination that the purchase is a sound investment for the bank irrespective of the fact that an affiliate of the bank is a principal underwriter of the securities. Definitions. For the purpose of this subsection-- the term "security" has the meaning given to such term in section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and the term "principal underwriter" means any underwriter who, in connection with a primary distribution of securities-- is in privity of contract with the issuer or an affiliated person of the issuer; acting alone or in concert with one or more other persons, initiates or directs the formation of an underwriting syndicate; or is allowed a rate of gross commission, spread, or other profit greater than the rate allowed another underwriter participating in the distribution. (c) Advertising Restriction. A member bank or any subsidiary or affiliate of a member bank shall not publish any advertisement or enter into any agreement stating or suggesting that the bank shall in any way be responsible for the obligations of its affiliates. (d) Definitions. For the purpose of this section-- the term "affiliate" has the meaning given to such term in section 23A (but does not include any company described in section (b)(2) of such section or any bank); the terms "bank", "subsidiary", "person", and "security" (other than security as used in subsection (b)) have the meanings given to such terms in section 23A; and the term "covered transaction" has the meaning given to such term in section 23A (but does not include any transaction which is exempt from such definition under subsection (d) of such section). (e) Regulations. In General. The Board may prescribe regulations to administer and carry out the purposes of this section, including-- regulations to further define terms used in this section; and subject to paragraph (2), if the Board finds that an exemption or exclusion is in the public interest and is consistent with the purposes of this section, and notifies the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of such finding, regulations to-- exempt transactions or relationships from the requirements of this section; and exclude any subsidiary of a bank holding company from the definition of affiliate for purposes of this section. Exception. The Board may grant an exemption or exclusion under this subsection only if, during the 60-day period beginning on the date of receipt of notice of the finding from the Board under paragraph (1)(B), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation does not object, in writing, to such exemption or exclusion, based on a determination that the exemption presents an unacceptable risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. [12 USC 371c-1. As added by act of Aug. 10, 1987 (101 Stat. 564) and amended by acts of Nov. 12, 1999 (113 Stat. 1480) and July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 1610).] Back to Top Last Update: February 14, 2017 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551