Tenant Improvements For payments made to tenants for them to build out improvements in leased Bank premises, Reserve Banks should carefully evaluate the terms and conditions of the lease contract to assess which entity has control over the improvements i.e. the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the improvements during the term of the lease agreement. Reserve Banks should also evaluate if a modification to lease agreements was required in order for the tenant to build out the improvement. A modification could indicate that the asset is owned by the Reserve Bank. All factors including full ownership (i.e. no partially owned assets unless there is an agreement for joint ownership) of the improvements during the lease term should be evaluated. If determined that the Reserve Bank does not have control over the improvements over the term of the lease agreement, associated payments to tenants would be recorded as a lease incentive. Payments for improvements considered to be owned by the Reserve Bank over the term of the lease agreement should be capitalized as tenant improvements. These should be accumulated in a subsidiary construction account until completion of the project and capitalized in one or more subsidiary accounts under the appropriate Bank premises asset. A tenant improvement must be capitalized if the cost is $25,000 or more and amortized to current expense as depreciation over the shorter of the non-cancelable lease term or the unique useful life of the asset. In the event that a tenant leaves before the expiration of the lease, any remaining unamortized amount should be charged to current expense as a loss on disposal of fixed assets. Should a Reserve Bank need further accounting guidance in evaluating payment to tenants for improvements, Reserve Banks should contact the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 30.90 Disposals and Trade-ins When disposing of assets (either voluntarily or involuntarily) the gross asset value and the related accumulated depreciation should be deducted from the appropriate asset account and from the allowance for depreciation account. Any difference between the net book value (gross asset value less accumulated depreciation) and the proceeds from a sale should be debited or credited to current expense. When an asset is traded in, if the net book value exceeds the trade-in allowance, that difference should be debited to current expense (i.e., the amount capitalized when an asset is traded in for a new asset should equal the cash outlay for the new asset plus the lesser of (1) the net book value of the asset traded-in, or (2) the allowance provided for the trade in). In the event equipment is sold by one Reserve Bank to another, any net difference between book value and selling price should be recorded as an increase or decrease to current expense on the books of the selling office. Any transfer of assets between offices of the same District should be made at book value. The receiving office should record the asset on a cost basis equal to the net book value. Disposals are not necessarily write-downs or impairments, which must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section, as detailed in paragraph 30.95 . In contrast, disposals do not require RBOPS approval as they are typically undertaken during the ordinary course of business. Asset disposal requires that the asset be removed from the balance sheet. Disposal indicates that the asset will yield no further benefits. Depending on the value of the asset, a gain or loss may need to be recorded for the reporting period during which the asset is disposed. Please consult with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section if you have any questions determining the nature of a disposal. 30.95 Asset Impairment ASC 360 defines impairment as the condition that exists when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) exceeds its fair value. Contrary to disposals or trade-ins of assets that are typically undertaken in the normal course of business, impairments may arise whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset (group) might not be recoverable. At the time an asset is judged to be materially and permanently impaired (whether partial or total), a loss should be recognized in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360-10. As a general rule, the loss associated with the impairment of land and building (in-service date ending 1995) should be charged to Profit & Loss. The loss associated with impairments of land improvements, building improvements (in-service date beginning 1996), and furniture and equipment should be charged to Current Expense. 10 The offset should be recognized by reducing the book value of the asset through a credit to the asset account if the asset is held for use. The reduction in book value for impaired assets held for disposal should be credited to the corresponding asset account. The asset account may be adjusted for subsequent revisions in estimates of fair value less costs to sell, provided that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its original carrying value (prior to any impairment recognition). Regardless of the outcome of the impairment analysis, the useful life and salvage value of the asset should be evaluated and adjusted in accordance with FAM 30.75 and 30.76 . In contrast to asset disposals, all assets that have been determined to be impaired, whether in-service or work-in-process, must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Information such as the description of the asset, whether the asset will be written down or written-off, the reason for the impairment, and the proposed entries to account for the asset impairment should be provided along with the request for approval. The fair value of assets considered for impairment should be determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements. 11 A fair value measurement assumes that an asset is exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants, and assumes the highest and best use of the