A characteristic of multiemployer plans is that assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers since assets contributed by an employer are not segregated in a separate account or restricted to provide benefits only to employees of that employer. Multiple employer plan—A pension plan where two or more unrelated employers contribute or pool their assets for investment purposes and to reduce plan administration costs. The assets contributed by an employer to a multiple-employer plan may not be used to provide benefits to participants of another sponsoring employer in the multiple-employer plan. FASB ASC Topic 960-10 specifies that administration is the most distinguishing characteristic between single employer plans and multiemployer plans. In a single employer plan, the employer is the plan sponsor. Multiemployer plans are normally negotiated and established pursuant to collective bargaining agreements between an associated group of employers, such as those whose employees are represented by a specific union, and the plan sponsor of a multiemployer plan is a joint employer, union committee, or board. FASB ASC Topic 960-10 addresses the reporting-entity question for affiliated not-for-profit entities. The conclusion of this discussion is that "parent" entity within the group may account for a plan as a single employer plan in its financial statement, while all other entities in the group account for the plan as a multiemployer plan. A distinguishing characteristic of multiemployer plans is that assets contributed by one employer are not segregated in a separate account or restricted to provide benefits only to employees of that employer. In this respect, the System Plan is similar to a multiemployer plan, as the assets are not divisible among the Banks, BOG, and CFPB, and all assets are available for benefits to employees of each entity. Another distinguishing characteristic, however, is the nature of the relationship among the entities whose employees participate in a plan. The multiemployer definitions frequently refer to collective bargaining relationships, implying that the employers are unrelated parties. If the employers are related parties (for example, through equity interest, management control, or financial control), then the plan would generally be considered a single employer plan. When the entities are unrelated parties, the plan would typically be considered a multiemployer plan. ASC 715-30 defines a multiple-employer plan as one that is maintained by more than one unrelated employer with plan assets that are severable and maintained in separate accounts for each employer even though the assets are pooled together for investment purposes and to reduce administration costs. Separating the assets allows for the participating employers to have different benefit formulas and to reserve each employer's assets to provide benefits to only its respective employee benefits. Under a multiple-employer plan, therefore, each employer accounts for its respective interest in the plan as a single-employer plan, and the net pension asset/liability of all participating employers is not reported. The System plan is not a multiple-employer plan because the invested assets are not maintained in separate accounts. Although the Banks, BOG, and CFPB are not related through equity or other beneficial ownership, there is strong evidence that they are related parties for plan aggregation purposes. For example, the BOG appoints three members of each Bank's board of directors, effective August 1, 2023, the OEB became an operating unit of the FRBA under its supervision and control with the OEB retaining its oversight committees that are composed of Bank and BOG representatives, the Banks are the sole funding source for the BOG, the BOG and five Bank presidents compose the Federal Open Market Committee, which directs the investments that provide substantially all of the Banks' income, the Banks rely on each other for the provision of various operational and administrative functions, the legal definition of the CFPB in the Dodd-Frank Act designates it as an independent agency established in the Federal Reserve System, 2 the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that designates the CFPB as the "same employer as the Federal Reserve System," 3 and the requirement that the Board fund the operations of the CFPB. Based on the discussions above, the System Plan most closely resembles a single employer plan with characteristics of a multiemployer plan. Accordingly, the most appropriate treatment would be single plan accounting on the financial statements of the most appropriate employer. In addition, the governance and administration of the System plan is not changed with CFPB employee participation. In addition, the governance and administration of the System plan is not changed with CFPB employee participation. The Dodd-Frank Act specifically states that the CFPB does not have responsibility or authority to make any plan amendments, administer an existing plan, or ensure the System plan complies with applicable laws. 4 Determining the Reporting Employer The assets, liabilities, and costs related to the System Plan are recorded by the FRBA effective August 1, 2023. This decision was based on (1) the conclusion that it was appropriate for one entity among the participating employers to report the System Plan, (2) that the System Plan should be reported by a Reserve Bank so that the income/costs associated with the pension benefits would be incorporated into the Reserve Banks' distribution of excess earnings to the U.S. Treasury, and (3) no one individual Reserve Bank exercises control or undue influence over the System Pension plan as the oversight committees govern the plan. In light of these considerations, it is most appropriate for the FRBA to record the System Plan as subsequent to the transition, the FRBA will have ultimate responsibility for the OEB's operational performance in meeting its assigned responsibilities consistent with direction from the oversight committees. Accounting and Disclosure FASB ASC Topic 715-30 provides guidance on which employer should account for the plan's funded status. A subsidiary that issues separate financial statements may participate in a defined benefit pension or postretirement plan of a parent company. If the parent's plan covers employees of the subsidiary, the subsidiary should account for its participation in its standalone financial statements as a participation in a multi-employer