international accounts 2 3,097 1,886 Total interest expense $3,145 $2,019 Average daily balance: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 $4,248 $19,815 Foreign official and international accounts 2 255,472 239,088 Average interest rate: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 2.26% 1.34% Foreign official and international accounts 2 2.42% 1.58% 1. Overnight and term reverse repurchase agreements arranged as open market operations are settled through a set of expanded counterparties that includes banks, savings associations, GSEs, and domestic money market funds. Return to table 2. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into as part of a service offering to foreign official and international account holders. Return to table (C) Depository Institution Deposits The Reserve Banks pay interest to depository institutions on qualifying balances held at the Reserve Banks. The interest rates paid on required reserve balances and excess balances are determined by the Board of Governors, based on a FOMC-established target range for the federal funds rate. The Reserve Banks also offer term deposits through the Term Deposit Facility, and all depository institutions that are eligible to receive interest on their balances at the Reserve Banks may participate in the term deposit program. The interest rate paid on these deposits is determined by auction. (D) Operating Expenses The Federal Reserve Banks have established procedures for budgetary control and monitoring of operating expenses as part of their efforts to ensure appropriate stewardship and accountability. Reserve Bank and Board governance bodies provide budget guidance for major functional areas for the upcoming budget year. The Board's Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs (BAC) reviews the Banks' budgets and the BAC chair submits the budgets to Board members for review and final action. Throughout the year, Reserve Bank and Board staffs monitor actual performance and compare it with approved budgets and forecasts. Certain amounts relating to the prior year have been reclassified in the Combined statements of operations to conform to the current year presentation. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update 2017-07, Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost , $27 million previously reported as "Operating expenses: Salaries and benefits" for the six months ended June 30, 2018 and ($95) million previously reported as "Operating expenses: Net periodic pension expense" for the six months ended June 30, 2018, have been reclassified as "Other items of income (loss): Other components of net benefit costs." In addition, the description of the line item "Operating expenses: Net periodic pension expense" has been revised to "Operating expenses: Pension service cost" in 2019 to better reflect the nature of the item. Additional information regarding Reserve Bank operating expenses is available each year in the Annual Report of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/annual-report.htm , and on the Audit webpage of the Board's website at https://www.federalreserve.gov/regreform/audit.htm . Back to Top Last Update: August 22, 2019 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551