this section of FAM as if the date of the change in circumstances is the commencement date. Subsequent Measurement and Recognition for Finance Leases After the commencement date for a finance lease, the Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the lease liability by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made during the period. The Reserve Bank lessee shall determine the interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term as the amount that produces a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance of the liability, taking into consideration any reassessment requirements. The Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses, taking into consideration any reassessment requirements. After the commencement date, the Reserve Bank lessee shall recognize in the Statement of Operations the amortization of the right-of-use asset and interest on the lease liability, variable lease payments not included in the lease liability in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred, and any impairment of the right-of-use asset. Subsequent Measurement and Recognition for Operating Leases After the commencement date, for an operating lease, a Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments not yet paid discounted using the discount rate for the lease established at the commencement date (unless the rate has been updated due to a required remeasurement after the commencement date in which case that updated rate shall be used). The Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted for prepaid or accrued lease payments, remaining balance of any lease incentives received, which is the amount of the gross lease incentives received net of amounts recognized previously as part of the single lease cost, unamortized initial direct costs, and impairment of the right-of-use asset. After the commencement date, the Reserve Bank lessee shall recognize in the Statement of Operations a single lease cost, calculated so that the remaining cost of the lease is amortized over the remaining lease term on a straight-line basis, variable lease payments not included in the lease liability in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred, and any impairment of the right-of-use asset. Amortization and Impairment of the Right-of-Use Asset A Reserve Bank lessee shall amortize the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Reserve Bank lessee or the Reserve Bank lessee is reasonably certain to exercise an option to purchase the underlying asset, the Reserve Bank lessee shall amortize the right-of-use asset to the end of the useful life of the underlying asset. When the lease liability is remeasured and the right-of-use asset is adjusted, amortization of the right-of-use asset shall be adjusted prospectively from the date of remeasurement. If a right-of-use asset is impaired, it shall be measured at its carrying amount immediately after the impairment less any accumulated amortization. A Reserve Bank lessee shall amortize the right-of-use asset from the date of the impairment to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. Due to the complexity of this impairment, Reserve Banks should contact RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for guidance. Lease Termination A termination of a lease before the expiration of the lease term shall be accounted for by the Reserve Bank lessee by removing the right-of-use asset and the lease liability, with net result recognized in the Statement of Operations for the difference. Reserve Bank Lessor Accounting Operating Lease At the commencement date, a Reserve Bank lessor shall defer initial direct costs and recognize those as an expense over the non-cancelable lease term. 9 After the commencement date, a Reserve Bank lessor shall recognize (unless collectability is not probable) lease payments as rental income over the non-cancelable lease term on a straight-line basis. Lease incentives, including tenant allowances granted to the lessee in cash or rent credits, that are reasonably estimable through contractual terms and probable for future payment or credit should be recorded in a deferred charge account on the lease commencement date and recognized ratably over the remaining lease term as a reduction of rental income. Variable lease payments shall be recognized as rental income in the period in which the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur. 30.85 Leasehold Improvements Major expenditures made in connection with the renovation or alteration of a space rented for Bank use should be capitalized in Deferred Charges (see paragraph 4.20 ). A leasehold improvement must be capitalized if the cost is $25,000 or more. The cost of minor repairs and maintenance involved in the upkeep of leased quarters should be charged to current expense. The term "renovations and alterations" as used here is intended to include the construction of any new building for Bank use on leased property where the title to the building passes to the owner of the land either upon completion of construction or termination of the lease agreement. 30.86 Amortization of Leasehold Improvements Leasehold improvements should be amortized to current expense as rent over the shorter of the non-cancelable lease term as noted in paragraph 30.80 or the unique useful life of the asset, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Reserve Bank lessee or the Reserve Bank lessee is reasonably certain to exercise an option to purchase the underlying asset, in which case, the Reserve Bank lessee shall amortize the leasehold improvements to the end of their useful life. 30.87 Tenant Improvements For payments made to tenants for them to build out improvements in leased Bank premises, Reserve Banks should carefully evaluate the