Home About the Fed Do Business with the Board Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Procurement Staff Tips for Winning Board Contracts Acquisition Policy Procurement Webcasts Acquisition Policy Register Your Business Supplier Registration Coupa Supplier Enablement Effective September 1, 2020 General Purpose This policy governs the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System's (Board's) acquisition of goods, services, and real property for use in conducting the operations of the Board as approved in the Board's budget or by a program change request. When used in conjunction with the Board's Delegations of Administrative Authority, 1 the Procurement Manual for Technical Personnel , the Supplier Diversity policy, the Small and Disadvantaged Business Acquisition policy, and the Contracting for Services policy, this policy is intended to foster efficiency and effectiveness in the acquisition process, and help the Board acquire the highest-quality goods, services, and real property within the time required and at the best possible value. These objectives are achieved by using competitive acquisition methods to the maximum extent practicable; making awards only to responsible vendors; considering a variety of factors, such as product quality, reliability, dependability, and life-cycle price, in determining which offer provides the best value to the Board; providing vendors with a fair opportunity under competitive acquisition methods; and fostering fair and equitable relationships between the Board and its vendors. Definitions Acquisition means the Board's purchase of goods, services, or real property for use in conducting the operations of the Board as approved in the Board's budget or by a program change request. It includes all functions pertaining to the purchasing process, including the description of requirements, the solicitation and selection of sources, the award of contracts and purchase orders, and contract administration. Contract means any type of written agreement, regardless of form, for the acquisition of goods, services or real property. Contract administration means the oversight of a contract by the contracting officer or the contracting officer's representative in order to ensure that a contractor meets all terms, conditions, and requirements of the contract. Contracting officer (CO) means a Board employee who has the required delegated authority to sign contracts on behalf of the Board. Contracting officer's representative (COR) means an authorized representative of the CO who is acting within a scope of authority as delegated by the CO. Micro-purchase means an acquisition of supplies or services, the total cost of which does not exceed the micro-purchase threshold. Micro-purchase threshold means $10,000. Program change request means a significant change to the Board's programs. Purchase card (P-Card) purchases means acquisitions made with P-Cards by Board employees authorized by their division or office. Purchase order means a short-form contract document between the Board and a vendor that is produced from the Board's automated procurement system. Responsible vendor means a vendor who, in the Board's opinion, possesses the skill, ability, integrity, and financial and other resources necessary for the complete performance of the work and who has complied with all required qualifications set forth in a request for quotation (RFQ) or a solicitation, offer, and award (SOA). Services mean the furnishing of labor, time, or effort by a vendor but does not include construction or the furnishing of supplies. Solicitation, offer, and award (SOA) means the Board's solicitation for a proposal and terms for performance, which becomes the contract when the Board's CO countersigns the SOA form of the vendor who is selected to perform the work. The SOA may contain language that incorporates the vendor's proposal into the terms of the contract. Statement of work (SOW) means the document that describes and defines the work activities and deliverables a vendor must provide in order to successfully perform the contract. The SOW may also include the time frames for performing the work. If an SOA is used as the contract, the SOW is part of the SOA. An SOW may be one section of an SOA, or its own standalone attachment to a purchase order. Supplies mean property, except for real property. Supplies include furniture and equipment. Procurement Authority The Board's procurement authority. The Board is authorized to procure goods, services, and real property under section 10, paragraphs 3 and 4, of the Federal Reserve Act (12 USC 243 and 244). The Board's expenditures are not "acquisitions" as that term is defined by the Federal Acquisition Regulations (see 48 CFR 2.101). This policy also follows section 342 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Pub. L. No. 111-203, 124 Stat. 1376 (2010). Delegation of procurement authority. Delegation of procurement authority within the Board is outlined in the Delegations of Administrative Authority. On the basis of the delegations, the chief operating officer (COO), chief financial officer (CFO), and chief acquisition officer (CAO) have the authority to procure goods, services, or real property for use in conducting the operations of the Board as approved in the Board's budget or by a program change request. This authority may be further delegated. Except as stated below, all contracts must be initiated, finalized, and administered by the Procurement Function (Procurement) in the Division of Financial Management: The CAO re-delegates to staff in the Research and Legal libraries who are authorized to procure books, periodicals, data, and other materials (including electronic resources) the authority to make such purchases without further review or approval by Procurement and without regard to the procedures set forth in the "Acquisition Guidelines" section below, provided that the total cost of any individual purchase does not exceed $50,000 in any contract year. Purchases shall not be artificially divided to permit the use of this delegated authority. The CAO re-delegates to staff who are authorized to use P-Cards the authority to purchase items under their P-Card limits and consistent with the Board's P-Card Procedures. Any contracts resulting from purchases made with a P-Card will be administered by the acquiring division or office, unless the acquiring division or office requests that Procurement execute the purchase under its P-Card authority,