for payment. The COR is required to maintain all documentation needed to support payments and contractor performance. The COR is not authorized to make any representations or commitments of any kind on behalf of the CO or the Board. The COR does not have the authority to alter the contractor's obligations or change the terms and conditions of any contract. Any changes to a contract, including a modification or change order, must be issued in writing and signed by the CO. Penalties for violating this Acquisition policy are outlined in the Procurement Procedures. B. Release of Acquisition Information Information concerning proposed acquisitions may not be released to any vendor except through the Procurement Function or with the CO's prior consent. If information concerning proposed acquisitions is inappropriately provided to vendors and the vendor would obtain an unfair competitive advantage over other vendors, the vendor receiving such advantage may be disqualified from being awarded the contract. Until an award is made, any information contained in bids or proposals and other information concerning the award shall not be released to any person except Board staff directly involved in the evaluation and selection process. Additionally, where technical ability is being considered in addition to price, the bidders' price proposals may not be viewed by any member of the technical evaluation panel prior to the establishment of all bidders' technical rating. After an award is made, information may be disclosed if required under the Freedom of Information Act or other applicable law. C. Reporting of Anticompetitive Practices Whenever the Procurement Function or other individuals involved in the procurement process have reason to believe that collusion or any anticompetitive or fraudulent or unlawful practice has occurred, a written notice of the relevant facts should be sent to the Board's Office of Inspector General. D. Ethics Issues For ethics issues such as conflicts of interest, refer to the Board's Ethical Conduct policy or contact the Board's designated agency ethics official. E. Knowledge of Acquisition Policy, Procedures, and Related Guidelines All Procurement Function staff, division or office administrators, CORs, and authorized users of P-Cards should have a thorough understanding of the Board's Acquisition policy, Procurement Procedures, P-Card Procedures, as well as other related policies, including the Board's Ethical Conduct policy, the Small and Disadvantaged Business Acquisition policy, and the Supplier Diversity policy. Failure to comply with such procedures and policies may result in disciplinary actions. The Procurement Function will offer periodic training for all CORs on the Acquisition policy and Procurement Procedures. Contract Drafting The acquiring division or office will work with the Procurement Function to draft, review, and approve the SOW and any other description of the product and/or services to be acquired. The COR will be responsible for ensuring that the appropriate review within the acquiring division or office has been conducted. A. Standard for Developing Specifications Plans, drawings, specifications, standards, purchase descriptions, and "brand-name or equal" descriptions for acquisitions should seek to promote economy and encourage competition in satisfying the Board's needs and should not be designed for the purpose of steering work to a particular vendor. B. Required Contract Clauses Clauses addressing the following issues must be included in all Board contracts, unless the Board's CAO has expressly waived the Board's rights regarding such issues. The general contract provisions set forth the standard language that should be included in the contract; however, if the vendor to whom the contract will be awarded requests non-substantive changes to such language, the CO may make such changes if they deem the changes to be reasonable and within the business interests of the Board. The CAO, in consultation with the Legal Division, may make substantive changes to these clauses or may expressly waive the Board's rights regarding any of the following issues if the CAO determines that the business risk of making the change or waiver is outweighed by a compelling business need to award a contract on such terms: Termination for convenience Default termination Protests Disputes Indemnification and liability limits Non-publicity Governing law and jurisdiction Funding and payment Responsibility The Division of Financial Management, Procurement Function, administers this policy. This policy will be reviewed and updated as needed. 1. All persons acting under this policy may delegate their authority granted herein, provided that any delegation preserves the review authority of the delegating official(s). Return to text 2. For purposes of this approval, the delegate of the director of the division or office funding the procurement shall be an officer-level (minimum of Level II) employee of the Board. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: October 07, 2020 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551