cost of operations, payment of dividends, and reservation of an amount necessary to maintain surplus at the Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. A credit balance in this account represents the accrued remittances to be distributed to the Treasury. If a Reserve Bank's earnings are not sufficient to provide for the costs of operations, payment of dividends, and maintaining surplus at an amount equal to the Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation, remittances to the Treasury would be suspended. A deferred asset is recorded in this account, and this debit balance represents the amount of net earnings the Reserve Bank will need to realize before remittances to the Treasury resume. Deferred asset balances recorded in this account are periodically reviewed for impairment. See paragraph 60.55 for further discussion. 11.98 Other Liabilities—Markets (240-950) The balance in this account represents infrequent low-value Markets related transactions conducted by the FRBNY and is not participated to other Reserve Banks. Dedicated accounts must be established prior to program start dates for transactions related to Markets programs that are expected to be high-value or recurring. This account may be used, however, to record transactions for newly established programs until a dedicated account is established, when the balances should be reclassified to the dedicated account. At the close of business each December 31, this account balance should include only the low-value and infrequent Markets related transactions. 11.99 Central Bank Liquidity Swap Accounts (242-100) When the FRBNY initiates a swap agreement with a foreign central bank for the purpose of obtaining foreign currency, the resulting liability is recorded in this account. For example, the FRBNY may enter into a foreign currency liquidity arrangement whereby the Bank would obtain a foreign currency from a foreign central bank; in this example the foreign currency obtained from the foreign central bank would be recorded as a liability in this account. (See paragraph 4.94 .) 12.00 Reverse Repurchase Agreements—Foreign Official and International Accounts (242-120) This account is used to record the contract amount of reverse repurchase agreements executed with foreign official and international account holders. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities and federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS under agreement with foreign official and international account holders and to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities sold under agreements to repurchase). (See paragraph 40.20 .) On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 12.01 Reverse Repurchase Agreements—Primary Dealers and Expanded Counterparties (242-140) This account is used to record the contract amount of reverse repurchase agreements executed with primary dealers, selected money market funds, and others. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities and federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS under agreement with primary dealers, selected money markets funds, and others and to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities sold under agreements to repurchase). (See paragraph 40.20 .) On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 12.05 Capital Paid-In (310-025) The balance of this account represents the outstanding paid-in value of capital stock issued to member banks as required by law. The par value of shares is one hundred dollars and the paid-in value is $50. A member bank is required to subscribe to the capital stock of its Reserve Bank in an amount equal to 6 percent of its capital and surplus. 9 Half of the subscription is paid in and the other half is subject to call. (The shares do not carry the power through voting to control the management of the Reserve Bank as does ordinary stock in private banks and corporations.) Changes in a member bank's stock or surplus may require an adjustment in its holdings of the Reserve Bank's capital stock as outlined in Regulation I. The stock may not be transferred, nor may the owning member bank hypothecate its shares. 12.10 Surplus (320-025) The balance of this account represents the portion of net income that is retained by the Bank. Before the December 4, 2015 amendments to the Federal Reserve Act, the Board of Governors required each Reserve Bank to maintain a surplus balance equal to its capital paid-in. On a daily basis, surplus was adjusted to equate the surplus balance to capital paid-in. 10 Effective January 1, 2021, the Federal Reserve Act limits aggregate Reserve Bank surplus to $6.785 billion. Reserve Bank surplus is allocated among the Reserve Banks based on the ratio of each Bank's capital paid-in to total Reserve Bank capital paid-in as of December 31 of each year. On a daily basis, the Board of Governors requires an adjustment to surplus to equate the surplus balance to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the $6.785 billion aggregate surplus limit. (See paragraph 12.60 .) AOCI is a component of each Reserve Bank's surplus account, and a separate account has been established to record transactions related to AOCI. (See paragraph 11.84 .) The balance of AOCI should be included with the Bank's surplus balance in computing the amount necessary to equate surplus to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. Each Reserve Bank should ensure that all entries for transactions to the capital paid-in and AOCI accounts have been recorded before equating surplus to its allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. The following adjustment should be recorded: Dr / Cr: Transferred to or from Surplus (330-225) $xxx Cr / Dr: Surplus (320-025) $xxx. 12.20 Current Income (330-025) This account includes income from all sources for the year to date. The income is