differently sized institutions disproportionately. This tracking will be conducted in a manner designed to preserve confidentiality of the complainant to the maximum extent possible. As appropriate, the Ombuds will report findings of patterns of issues to the appropriate Board committee or division director and Reserve Bank or Board staff. The Ombuds will also report any issue stemming from a complaint that is likely to have a significant impact on the Federal Reserve System's mission, activities, or reputation. Retaliation Claims by Supervised Persons The Board does not tolerate retaliation by Federal Reserve System staff against a supervised institution or its employees ("supervised persons"). Retaliation is defined as any action or decision by Reserve Bank or Board staff that causes a supervised person to be treated differently or more harshly than other similarly situated institutions because the supervised person attempted to resolve a complaint by filing an appeal of a material supervisory determination or utilized any other Board mechanisms for resolving complaints. Retaliation includes, but is not limited to, delaying or denying action that might benefit a supervised person without a sound supervisory reason or subjecting a supervised institution to heightened examination standards without a sound supervisory reason. The Ombuds is authorized to receive, review, and determine the merits of complaints of retaliatory conduct by Reserve Bank or Board staff. The Ombuds may attempt to resolve retaliation claims informally by engaging in discussions with the concerned supervised person and the appropriate Board or Reserve Bank staff. If a complaint cannot be resolved informally, the Ombuds may initiate a full investigation into the underlying facts and circumstances. To commence a factual investigation of a complaint of retaliatory conduct, the Ombuds should provide written notice to the appropriate Board committee and division director and the appropriate Reserve Bank officer in charge of supervision. As part of the investigation, the Ombuds may, among other things, collect and review documents, interview witnesses, and seek any other relevant information. The Ombuds may also consult Board and Reserve Bank staff with subject matter expertise. Where necessary, the appropriate Board committee or division director may authorize or assign such additional resources as may be needed to assist the Ombuds in fully reviewing the matter. Upon completion of the factual investigation of a complaint of retaliatory conduct, the Ombuds will decide whether a member of Federal Reserve System staff retaliated, as defined above. The Ombuds will report this determination to the appropriate Board committee or Governor and division director and the appropriate Reserve Bank officer in charge of supervision and may make recommendations for resolution of the matter to those parties. In addition, to prevent future retaliation for an appeal, the Ombuds may recommend to the appropriate division director(s) that the next examination of the institution or review that may lead to a material supervisory determination exclude personnel involved in the claim of retaliation. The division director(s) will make the final decision as to whether any examination staff should be excluded. However, the Ombuds shall not make recommendations regarding disciplinary action against a Federal Reserve System staff member. The appropriate staff will consider further action consistent with the Board's and relevant Reserve Bank's policies and procedures. The Ombuds's determination regarding retaliation will be communicated in writing to the supervised person. To further ensure that supervised persons are not subjected to retaliation, as defined above, the Ombuds will contact a supervised institution within six months after an appeal has been decided to inquire whether the institution believes retaliation occurred. Where possible, the Ombuds will also contact the institution after the next examination following an appeal. In the event an institution complains of retaliation, the Ombuds will initiate the process outlined above to informally review the matter or initiate a factual investigation. Consumer Complaints and Appeals Independent of the Ombuds function, the Federal Reserve System operates a consumer complaint and inquiry program to assist members of the public who are experiencing problems with their financial institution. If the Ombuds receives a consumer complaint directly, the Ombuds will refer the complaint to the Board's Division of Consumer and Community Affairs ("DCCA") to determine handling and send appropriate consumer complaints to the Federal Reserve Consumer Help Center ("FRCH") for processing. A request for an independent review of a consumer complaint previously investigated by a Reserve Bank is treated as an appeal. Consumers should be advised that they can file an appeal through FRCH or with the Ombuds if the consumer requests confidential treatment of the appeal or prefers that the Ombuds handle the appeal. If an appeal is received by the Ombuds, he or she will consult with DCCA to determine who will handle the appeal, unless the consumer has requested confidential treatment or that the Ombuds's Office handle the appeal. In many instances, DCCA will be responsible for investigating and responding to the appeal. For the appeals referred to DCCA by the Ombuds, DCCA will consult with the Ombuds during the appeal investigation to help ensure that the matter is fully and fairly addressed and provide a final copy of the response letter to the Ombuds. The Ombuds handles appeals seeking further investigation of DCCA's handling of an initial appeal, appeals where the consumer requests confidential treatment, and appeals where the consumer requests that the Ombuds's Office handle the initial appeal. The Ombuds may handle other appeals, as determined in collaboration with DCCA. The Ombuds will send an acknowledgement letter for each appeal it receives. With respect to appeals seeking further investigation of DCCA's handling of an initial appeal or where the consumer requests that the Ombuds handle the appeal, the Ombuds will typically consult with DCCA during the investigation. For appeals where the consumer requests confidential treatment, the Ombuds typically will not consult with DCCA during the investigation. For all appeals the Ombuds handles, the Ombuds will review the matter. In doing so, the Ombuds will collect and review the complaint documents from DCCA and seek any other relevant information, unless confidential treatment is requested. The Ombuds may also consult Board and