the accumulation of a surplus fund. In the absence of any indication to the contrary, it would be natural to assume from this that Congress intended also that the payment of current and past dividends should take precedence over the maintenance of a surplus fund already accumulated. It is to be noted that the provision in the second paragraph of Section 7, regarding the disposition of the surplus fund in the event of the dissolution or liquidation of a Federal reserve bank, makes it clear that the surplus fund of a Federal reserve bank will be available ultimately to pay the cumulative dividends in full. It is clear also that the payment of dividends out of surplus can result in no loss of revenue to the United States, for no franchise tax can become due until the six percent cumulative dividends have been paid in full. If the surplus should not be used to pay dividends for a year in which the current earnings are insufficient for this purpose, the back dividends would have to be paid out of future earnings before the United States becomes entitled to any franchise tax. In fact, the failure to pay dividends out of surplus in excess of 100 percent of subscribed capital would result in loss of revenue to the United States; because if dividends for any year should remain unpaid, they would have to be paid in full out of the earnings of future years before any franchise tax becomes payable, whereas, if dividends should be paid out of the surplus and the surplus were not thereby reduced below 100 percent of subscribed capital, future payments into the surplus fund would amount to only 10 percent of future earnings over and above current dividend requirements, the other 90 percent being paid to the United States. It may be argued that, without regard to the questions of the franchise tax, Congress intended that each Federal reserve bank should accumulate a surplus fund for the purpose of protecting such bank against possible future losses and that the fund should be available for no other purpose. It is to be noted in this connection, however, that under the present terms of Section 7 there is no limit to the size of the surplus fund that must be accumulated. All of the earnings, over and above dividend requirements are required to be paid into the surplus fund until such fund equals 100 percent of the subscribed capital (which is equivalent to 200 percent of paid-in capital since under the law only one-half of the subscribed capital is required to be paid in and the balance now remains subject to call), and after a surplus fund equal to 100 percent of subscribed capital has been accumulated, ten percent of all future net earnings over and above dividend requirements must be paid in to the surplus fund. It is hardly reasonable to assume that Congress intended to prevent a Federal reserve bank from paying its current dividends while its surplus fund is far in excess of the amount of its subscribed capital. Under Section 7 as originally enacted, the argument that the surplus fund of a Federal reserve bank was intended solely as a protection to the bank against possible future losses could have been made with greater force. Prior to the amendment of March 3, 1919, the provisions of Section 7, which correspond to those already quoted form the present Section, read as follows: "After all necessary expenses of a Federal reserve bank have been paid or provided for, the stockholders shall be entitled to receive an annual dividend of six per centum on the paid-in capital stock, which dividend shall be cumulative. After the aforesaid dividend claims have been fully met, all the net earnings shall be paid to the United States as a franchise tax, except that one half of such net earnings shall be paid into a surplus fund until it shall amount to forty per centum of the paid-in capital stock of such bank. "…Should a Federal reserve bank be dissolved or go into liquidation, any surplus remaining, after the payment of all debts, dividend requirements as hereinbefore provided, and the par value of the stock, shall be paid to and become the property of the United States and shall be similarly applied." Thus, the maximum surplus fund which could have been accumulated under the original section was 40 percent of the paid-in capital and it might well have been argued that the purpose of Congress in making provision for this limited surplus was solely to protect the bank against future losses. Even under the original section, however, the question was open to serious doubt, for a Federal reserve bank was required to apply its earnings to the same purposes and in the same order as under Section 7 as amended, and the payment of cumulative dividends therefore took precedence over the accumulation of a surplus fund. Furthermore the payment of dividends out of surplus fund would not have reduced the revenues of the United States. So the same arguments, except that which is based on the unlimited size of the surplus fund, could have been advanced in support of the right of a Federal reserve bank, under the terms of the original Section 7, to pay dividends out of surplus. In my judgment Congress in amending Section 7 so as to require the accumulation of a surplus fund of unlimited size must be considered to have recognized that under both the original section and the section as amended the surplus fund could be used for the payment of the cumulative dividends. Otherwise, it is only reasonable to assume that Congress would have required or permitted some part of the earnings, which must now go into the unlimited surplus, to be paid into a fund of "undivided profits" out of which the dividends could be paid currently in a year of small earnings. This leads to the observation that under the terms of