34, inasmuch as it would represent a duplication of amounts reported elsewhere under the appropriate classification by the office for whose account the custodies are held. 21.06 Custodies Held for System Open Market Account Includes all securities held in custody for the SOMA. Securities loaned or undelivered should not be included. This account should be reported by the FRBNY only. 21.10 Custodies Held for Other Federal Reserve Banks (Book Entry Only) Items included represent custodies held for other Federal Reserve Banks (but not for other offices in own District). The FRBNY should include in this account those securities issued by international organizations, which can officially be held only by the FRBNY but which may, de facto, be held in book entry safekeeping by other Reserve Banks. Thus, this category would include the roll-up of all the other Reserve Banks' holdings of international securities. 21.15 Custodies Held for Depository Institutions (Book Entry Only) The account covers ordinary safekeeping of regular and "strippable" securities, including the corpus from any stripped security and pledges by depository institutions to various municipalities, county, state, and other officials (other than U.S.) generally referred to as "pledged" securities or "joint safekeeping." Also included are securities issued by international organizations that can officially be held only by the FRBNY but that are, de facto, held by other Reserve Banks. Holdings should be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 21.25 Custodies Held for Foreign Correspondents (Definitive and Book Entry) All safekeeping items for foreign central banks, foreign governments, and other foreign official entities (including foreign entities whose accounts were established under Regulation N) are reported by the FRBNY only, according to the following captions: Acceptances Securities Earmarked gold–Held in own vaults 21.28 Foreign Debt Collateral (Definitive and Book Entry) Includes collateral held by the Reserve Bank as collateral agent, as well as trust receipts representing collateral held by other custodians, in accordance with various Foreign Debt agreements. Collateral denominated in foreign currencies should be converted to dollars upon receipt; no further revaluation for fluctuations in exchange rates is necessary. Holdings should be subdivided as shown. This account should be reported by the FRBNY only. Held in own vaults Held by others 21.30 Custodies Held for International Organizations (Definitive and Book Entry) All safekeeping items, including securities and gold, held for international organizations, such as Asian Development Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, International Finance Corporation, and International Monetary Fund are reported by the FRBNY only. 21.40 Miscellaneous Custody Items (Definitive and Book Entry) This account includes ordinary safekeeping other than such safekeeping referenced earlier in this chapter. It also includes any collateral from dealers held by a Reserve Bank in connection with loans of securities from the SOMA and prepaid postage provided by others for use in the provision of services such as RDS postage provided by Treasury. 21.50 Collateral and Custody Items in Process (Definitive and Book Entry) This account includes the total accountability for definitive and book-entry securities that are being held pending ultimate disposition. Report the par value of all securities for which processing or delivery has not been completed. For example: Treasury securities erroneously submitted to the Reserve Bank and awaiting return to the customer for forwarding to Treasury; book-entries held pending transfer to Treasury on original issue or release of registered securities; municipal or corporate securities held pending deposit to or delivery from safekeeping; unopened "said-to-contain" envelopes for noncash items; and outgoing security and coupon shipments held by registered mail personnel. Savings bonds received for redemption, exchange, or reissue and paid savings stamps should not be reported. 21.55 Memorandum Accounts (Definitive Only) Typically, the Reserve Banks do not hold items in definitive form. Please notify the Board of Governors if there is any to report. Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025