to $6.785 billion. Reserve Bank surplus is allocated among the Reserve Banks based on the ratio of each Bank's capital paid-in to total Reserve Bank capital paid-in as of December 31 of each year. On a daily basis, the Board of Governors requires an adjustment to surplus to equate the surplus balance to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the $6.785 billion aggregate surplus limit. (See paragraph 12.60 .) AOCI is a component of each Reserve Bank's surplus account, and a separate account has been established to record transactions related to AOCI. (See paragraph 11.84 .) The balance of AOCI should be included with the Bank's surplus balance in computing the amount necessary to equate surplus to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. Each Reserve Bank should ensure that all entries for transactions to the capital paid-in and AOCI accounts have been recorded before equating surplus to its allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. The following adjustment should be recorded: Dr / Cr: Transferred to or from Surplus (330-225) $xxx Cr / Dr: Surplus (320-025) $xxx. 12.20 Current Income (330-025) This account includes income from all sources for the year to date. The income is derived from assets as described below. Significant income items should be accrued as described in paragraphs 3.95 and 4.92 when earned. Other income is ordinarily credited when received. Income —Receipts representing interest on loans to depository institutions or others, penalties on reserve account deficiencies or overdrafts in reserve or clearing accounts, interest from System Open Market Account (SOMA) and foreign currency holdings, and other receipts specifically identified. Loans —Interest earnings on loans to depository institutions, and earnings from any other loans, which may include loans to Federal Intermediate Credit Banks, other Federal Reserve Banks, and participants in programs or facilities with broad-based eligibility in unusual and exigent circumstances. Acceptances —Discount earned on acceptances. U.S. Treasury, Federal Agency, and GSE Debt securities - System account —Interest earned plus discounts accreted less premiums amortized on Treasury, federal agency, and GSE debt securities held in SOMA. Discounts earned on Treasury bills held in SOMA. This line item includes interest income generated from tri-party repurchase agreements. Other securities —Interest earnings on bills, notes, revenue bonds, and warrants issued by any state, county, district, political subdivision or municipality in the continental United States, including irrigation, drainage, and reclamation districts, plus discounts accreted and less premiums amortized. Also includes interest earnings on federal agency and government sponsored enterprise mortgage-backed securities. Foreign currencies —Participation in interest received on deposit balances with foreign banks, discount earned on acceptances payable in foreign currencies, and other earnings from investments denominated in foreign currencies. Deficiencies in required balances —Charges assessed depository institutions on the amount of their deficiencies in required balances. Daylight and Overnight Overdraft charges —Charges assessed depository institutions for intra-day (daylight) and overnight overdrafts in accounts maintained with the Reserve Bank. Funds Settlement Fees —Earnings associated with the funds settlement component of the book-entry transfer of Treasury securities. All other —Other earnings that do not come within the above definitions should be included in this classification. Explanations for these amounts should be provided to RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Services —Amounts collected under Section 11A of the Federal Reserve Act for services to depository institutions. Revenues —Based on FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue From Customers, Reserve Banks should record revenues earned including amounts collected under Section 11A of the Federal Reserve Act for services to depository institutions for Check, ACH, Electronic Access, Funds, FedNow, Currency Fees, and Securities. Income from services is recorded as current income and should not be netted with the expenses incurred to provide the services or support costs paid to other Reserve Banks for costs that they incur in providing these services. Individual ledger accounts are maintained for control purposes and to facilitate verification of income according to source. In the case of income from services, the ledger should be supported by subsidiary accounts in the same detail as the schedule of priced services. These subsidiary accounts must be posted currently and, together with any accrual accounts that the Bank elects to maintain separately, added to the total in the ledger at the close of business each day. A subsidiary account may also be established for each priced service to record variances between accrued service income and the amount actually charged depository institutions due to absorption of differences. The use of this account should facilitate reconcilement of the general ledger with internal cost/revenue reports. 12.30 Operating Expenses (330-050) The balance of this summary account represents the combined year-to-date actual and estimated net expenses that the Reserve Banks have incurred in performing business operations. The operating expenses subaccounts are as follows: Operating Expenses . The balance of this subaccount represents year-to-date operating expenses, net of expenses reimbursed. Operating expenses include the service cost component associated with the Reserve Bank's future obligation to provide medical and life insurance benefits to retirees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715-60. Reimbursements . Receipts representing recoupment of expenses incurred in performing prescribed activities as Fiscal Agent for the Treasury and other Federal agencies. Recoveries . All receipts other than those defined as Revenue, Income and Reimbursements, including receipts that are not material in amount received in connection with services incidentally related to priced services. Accrued Expenses Estimated. The balance of this subaccount and the liability account Accrued Expenses Unpaid—Estimated (240-200) provides for the accrual of net operating expenses on an estimated basis during the month. (See paragraph 11.56 .) System Net Periodic Pension Cost. This account is used to record the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost related to the Federal Reserve System Plan, computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Subtopic 715-30. This account is also used to record at least monthly the net pension costs associated with the nonqualified retirement Benefit Equalization Plan and the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Selected Officers of the Federal Reserve Banks accruals (see paragraph 11.84 ).