factors such as length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position (i.e., the fair value less than the amortized cost basis of the security), the security's historic price volatility, or post balance sheet date increases/decreases in fair value should not be used by themselves, or in combination with others, by the Reserve Bank to conclude that a credit loss does not exist. In estimating the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring impairment on the available-for-sale security, the amounts should be the Reserve Bank's best estimate based on the historic performance of the security, adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Elements specific to the security, such as the remaining maturity of the security, potential prepayment activity, underlying financial health of the issuer, value/type of collateral, and expected future credit events (i.e., default or bankruptcy), should be used when estimating the amount and timing of collection of expected future cash flows. Available information directly related to the collectability of the security, including industry, economic, or regulatory factors, should also be considered when developing an estimate. Refer to FASB Topic ASC 326-30 for a full list of considerations that the Reserve Bank should review when estimating impairment on an available-for-sale security using expected future cash flows. Once the measurement of credit loss on the security has been determined by the Reserve Bank, the impairment should be recognized by recording an allowance for credit losses. As stated previously, this amount is limited by the difference between the calculated fair value of the security, less the amortized cost basis. Impairment determined to not be related to credit specific factors (i.e., a change in market rates) should be recorded in the Reserve Bank's other comprehensive income. Refer to the ‘No' response below for further details. An evaluation of impairment of the security should be performed by the Reserve Bank periodically at each reporting date. Any subsequent changes in the impairment of the security related to credit specific factors should be recorded as an adjustment to the allowance for credit losses (and related entry to record the credit loss expense or reversal of credit loss expense). The Reserve Bank should not reverse a previously recognized allowance for credit losses to an amount below zero. Note also, available-for-sale securities deemed to be uncollectible should be written off in the period of that determination. No —Impairment determined to be driven by a factor other than credit considerations of the underlying issuer of the security, such as a change in market rates, shall be recorded through other comprehensive income. 84.01 Guarantees This paragraph provides guidance determine whether certain commitments fall within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 460-10 and how and when to account for a guarantee. While legally a loan commitment, for accounting purposes guarantees are defined in FASB ASC Topic 460-10. For those arrangements that qualify as guarantees under FASB ASC Topic 460-10 a Reserve Bank may be required to record a liability for the fair value of the obligation it assumes under the guarantee, when the guarantee obligation is established. 15 84.02 Definition of guarantees FASB ASC Topic 460-10 defines guarantees in terms of certain characteristics. Transactions with the following characteristics are considered to be guarantees and should be evaluated to determine if an obligation requires recognizing a liability at the time the guarantee is issued: Contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments (either in cash, financial instruments, other assets, or provision of services) to the guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying 16 that is related to an asset, liability, or equity security of the guaranteed party (e.g., financial and market value guarantees). Following are some examples to which this provision applies: A financial standby letter of credit, which is an irrevocable undertaking (typically by a financial institution) to guarantee payment of a specified financial obligation. A market value guarantee on either a financial asset (such as a security) or a nonfinancial asset owned by the guaranteed party. A guarantee of the market price of the common stock of the guaranteed party. A guarantee of the collection of the scheduled contractual cash flows from individual financial assets held by a special-purpose entity (SPE). 17 A guarantee granted to a business or its owner(s) that the revenue of the business (or a specific portion of the business) for a specified period of time will be at least a specified amount. Contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to the guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an obligating agreement (performance guarantees). Indemnification agreements that contingently require the indemnifying party (guarantor) to make payments to the indemnified party (guaranteed party) based on changes in an underlying that is related to an asset, a liability, or an equity security of the indemnified party, such as an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the imposition of additional taxes due to either a change in the tax law or an adverse interpretation of the tax law. Indirect guarantees of the indebtedness of others. Item 1 above includes most financial standby letters of credit, written put options or market value guarantees on securities (including the common stock of the guaranteed party), and many other financial guarantees. Item 1, however, would not include traditional commercial (non-standby) letters of credit and other loan commitments because they typically do not guarantee payment of an obligation and do not provide for payment in the event of default. Financial standby letters of credit are guarantees because they do not have material adverse change (MAC) clauses or similar provisions that enable the issuing institution (the guarantor) to avoid making a payment. In contrast, many loan commitments contain MAC clauses or other similar provisions that enable the issuing institution to avoid making a loan if the borrower encounters financial difficulties after the commitment is issued. As an example, if a Reserve Bank provided a guarantee to an entity whereby it would provide loans to that entity if certain asset fair values fell