as an executor for an estate, the key question is whether the executor "controls" the estate’s assets. An executor who merely administers the terms of a will is carrying out a ministerial role and would not be viewed as "controlling" the estate’s assets; as a result, the estate would not be subject to the policy’s investment restrictions. In addition, the distribution of estate assets to designated beneficiaries in compliance with the provisions of a will would not be subject to the policy’s trading restrictions. Q25: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat situations where a covered individual or their spouse has a financial power of attorney? Updated: 2/5/2024 A25: As with executors, the key principle is whether the covered individual or their spouse uses their power of attorney to control investment and trading decisions. These scenarios will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Example : A covered individual has a financial power of attorney over the assets of their elderly father. Ethics staff will consider the scope and authority of the covered individual’s financial power of attorney in determining whether the covered individual "controls" the father's assets and, therefore, if the requirements in sections 1 and 2 of the policy apply to the assets. VIII. Covered trust Q26: Does the definition of "covered trust" include revocable trusts? Updated: 4/15/2022 A26: Yes, in some cases. A covered trust is any trust—revocable or irrevocable—in which a covered individual or their spouse is the trustee or fiduciary of the trust, or otherwise exercises discretionary authority or control over the trust's assets. Q27: Does "covered trust" include trusts in which a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) is only a beneficiary and has no control over the trust investment decisions? Updated: 2/5/2024 A27: No. The definition of covered trust does not include a trust in which a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) is only a beneficiary, and the covered individual or their spouse does not exercise any control over the trust. Q28: Would it be feasible for covered individuals to place their investments in qualified blind trusts or qualified diversified trusts ("qualified trusts") to comply with the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A28: No. Federal law strictly controls which trusts are considered qualified trusts within the government. While qualified trusts would not be covered trusts under the policy, qualified trusts are extremely rare, and the Office of Government Ethics ("OGE") would need to approve the terms of any qualified trust created for a Board employee. To date, OGE has not approved a qualified trust for any current Board employee. Moreover, under the law, it is our understanding that OGE could not approve qualified trusts for Reserve Bank employees, because they are not executive branch employees. Therefore, blind trusts would not be a feasible option to comply with the policy. IX. Cryptocurrency Q29: Does the definition of "cryptocurrency" include stock in businesses engaged in crypto activities or stock in crypto exchanges? Updated: 2/5/2024 A29: No. The definition of "cryptocurrency" does not cover stock in crypto exchanges or companies engaged in crypto activities. However, section 1(a)(2) of the Policy for Covered Individuals separately prohibits holding bonds issued by individual cryptocurrency companies (or other companies), and section 2(a) prohibits purchasing stocks issued by individual cryptocurrency companies (or other companies). The policy also prohibits holding funds that concentrate in derivatives, including cryptocurrency futures exchange-traded funds ("ETFs"). Q30: How are crypto investment funds treated under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A30: Section 1(a)(1)(iii) prohibits a covered individual (and their spouse and minor child) from holding assets in an investment fund that has a stated policy of concentrating in cryptocurrencies. A crypto investment fund that concentrates in cryptocurrencies would be an impermissible asset. Some examples of crypto investment funds are Grayscale Bitcoin Trust, Grayscale Ethereum Trust, and the Bitwise 10 Crypto Index Fund. Crypto futures funds, such as the VanEck Bitcoin Strategy ETF and the ProShares Bitcoin Strategy ETF, are also prohibited investments. X. Debt security Q31: Is a foreign government bond a "debt security" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A31: Yes. Individual foreign government bonds fall under the definition of debt security and thus are impermissible assets. Note that a bond fund that concentrates in the bonds of a single foreign country is a "sector fund" under the policy, but a mutual fund that concentrates in bonds of multiple foreign countries (such as a European government bond fund) would be a diversified mutual fund. Q32: Are hybrid securities, such as convertible bonds, included in the definition of "debt security"? Updated: 4/15/2022 A32: Yes. Hybrid securities, such as convertible bonds, fall under the definition of debt security and thus are impermissible assets. XI. Defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans, and individual retirement accounts Q33: What are examples of a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government? Updated: 2/5/2024 A33: Defined contribution plans established by the federal government include the federal government’s Thrift Savings Plan and the Federal Reserve’s Thrift Plan. These plans are exempt from the prohibitions and requirements in section 1(a) and sections 2(a) through 2(d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals. This is consistent with the Office of Government Ethics’ approach to federal government retirement plans, which are exempt from financial conflicts of interest and financial disclosure requirements. Q34: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution and defined benefit plans sponsored by a covered individual’s prior employers, such as private companies, state and local governments, and non-profit entities? Updated: 2/5/2024 A34: Sections 1(c)(3) and section 2(g) of the Policy for Covered Individuals exempt from the investment and trading rules (i) any defined benefit retirement plan; and (ii) a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government . All defined benefit plans are exempt from the policy. Defined contribution plans sponsored by private sector, state and local government, and non-profit employers are not exempt from the policy. As such, the investment rules in section 1 and the trading rules in section