Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Economic Education Economic Education Email Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. FedEd Federal Reserve Education Outreach Mission: To empower students to take charge of their financial futures, expose young people to exciting careers in economics and finance, and educate students about the role of the Federal Reserve System in the global economy. Background: Since FedEd's inauguration in 2011, Research Assistants at the Federal Reserve Board have presented to over forty different schools in the DC Metro area and around the country as well as participated in events held at the Board of Governors. Research Assistants are typically recent college graduates who provide analytical and research support to economists and policy makers at the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. School Presentations: Research Assistants offer presentations in high school classrooms on topics covering economics, financial literacy, and the role of the Federal Reserve. Presentations may be supplemented with a discussion on careers in economics, our educational and professional experiences as Research Assistants at the Fed, and special topics requested by the class or teacher. Typically, individual presentations are delivered by two Research Assistants during normal working hours for a duration of approximately one hour. When in person, we often visit multiple classes during any one visit to a school. We also welcome the opportunity to deliver a series of lessons to a class over multiple days, weeks, or a semester if a more detailed syllabus in economics or financial literacy is desired. We are currently offering virtual presentations for schools across the country and in-person presentations for local schools . Speaker Series: The FedEd Speaker Series provides local students with an opportunity to personally meet and hear from a senior-level officer at the Federal Reserve. Events are scheduled on a case-by-case basis. How to Sign Up: Sign Up FedEd is always looking for new ways to work in the community to achieve its mission. If you have any ideas or suggestions please let us know. Online Materials: Please visit https://www.federalreserveeducation.org/ to explore online materials, games and teaching aids made available through our Federal Reserve Bank partners. Back to Top Last Update: August 24, 2023 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551