FRB: July 27, 2015 - Expedited Notice of Board Meeting(s) skip to main navigation skip to secondary navigation skip to content What's New · What's Next · Site Map · A-Z Index · Careers · RSS · All Videos · Current FAQs · Contact Us Search Advanced Search About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Banking Information & Regulation Payment Systems Economic Research & Data Consumer Information Community Development Reporting Forms Publications skip to content Menu Home > About the Fed > Board Meetings > July 2015 Print Government in the Sunshine Meeting Notice Notice of a Meeting under Expedited Procedures On Monday, July 27, 2015 at 11:45 AM, a meeting of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System was held under expedited procedures, as set forth in section 26lb.7 of the Board's Rules Regarding Public Observation of Meetings, at the Board's offices at 20th and C Streets, N.W., Washington, D.C., to consider the following matters of official Board business. Meeting Date: Monday, July 27, 2015 Matter(s) Considered 1. Review and determination by the Board of Governors of the advance and discount rates to be charged by the Federal Reserve Banks. 9(A)(i) Effective July 27, 2015 , the meeting was closed to public observation by Order of the Board of Governors 1 because the matters fall under exemption(s) 9(A)(i) of the Government in the Sunshine Act (5 U.S.C. Section 552b(c)), and it was determined that the public interest did not require opening the meeting. For more information please contact : Michelle Smith, Director, or Dave Skidmore, Assistant to the Board, Office of Board Members at 202-452-2955. Supplementary Information : This meeting notice, which is available in the Board's Freedom of Information and Public Affairs Offices, is also available electronically at http://www.federalreserve.gov on the Board's Web site. (The Web site also includes procedural and other information about the closed meeting.) Dated: July 27, 2015 Footnotes 1. Voting for this action: Chair Yellen, Vice Chairman Fischer and Governors Powell, and Brainard. Return to text Last update: July 27, 2015 Home | About the Fed Accessibility Contact Us Disclaimer Website Policies FOIA PDF Reader