savings banks, (ii) National Credit Union Administration Board in the case of insured credit unions, (iii) the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of any Federal savings association which is an insured depository institution (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) or which is a member as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, and (iv) such State officer or agency as the Board may designate in the case of any other type of bank, savings association, or credit union. The Board shall endeavor to avoid the imposition of unnecessary burdens on reporting institutions and the duplication of other reporting requirements. Except as otherwise required by law, any data provided to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States pursuant to other reporting requirements shall be made available to the Board. The Board may classify depository institutions for the purposes of this paragraph and may impose different requirements on each such class. [12 USC 248(a). As amended by acts of March 31, 1980 (94 Stat. 132); Aug. 9, 1989 (103 Stat. 439); and July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 1556).] Rediscounts by one Reserve bank for another (b) To permit, or, on the affirmative vote of at least five members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to require Federal reserve banks to rediscount the discounted paper of other Federal reserve banks at rates of interest to be fixed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. [12 USC 248(b). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Suspension of reserve requirements (c) To suspend for a period not exceeding thirty days, and from time to time to renew such suspension for periods not exceeding fifteen days, any reserve requirements specified in this Act. [12 USC 248(c). As amended by acts of June 12, 1945 (59 Stat. 237) and March 18, 1968 (82 Stat. 50).] Issue and retirement of Federal Reserve notes (d) To supervise and regulate through the Secretary of the Treasury the issue and retirement of Federal reserve notes, except for the cancellation and destruction, and accounting with respect to such cancellation and destruction, of notes unfit for circulation, and to prescribe rules and regulations under which such notes may be delivered by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Federal reserve agents applying therefor. [12 USC 248(d). As amended by acts of May 20, 1966 (80 Stat. 161) and Sept. 23, 1994 (108 Stat. 2293). For provisions governing the issue of Federal Reserve notes, see section 16 , this act.] Reclassification of reserve cities (e) To add to the number of cities classified as reserve cities under existing law in which national banking associations are subject to the reserve requirements set forth in section twenty of this Act; or to reclassifying existing reserve cities or to terminate their designation as such. [12 USC 248(e). As amended by act of July 28, 1959 (73 Stat. 264), effective July 28, 1962. The reference to "section twenty" is an error in the law and should correctly refer to "section nineteen."] Suspension or removal of officers and directors of Reserve banks (f) To suspend or remove any officer or director of any Federal reserve bank, the cause of such removal to be forthwith communicated in writing by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to the removed officer or director and to said bank. [12 USC 248(f). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Charging off losses of Reserve banks (g) To require the writing off of doubtful or worthless assets upon the books and balance sheets of Federal reserve banks. [12 USC 248(g). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Suspension, liquidation, or reorganization of Reserve banks (h) To suspend, for the violation of any of the provisions of this Act, the operations of any Federal reserve bank, to take possession thereof, administer the same during the period of suspension, and, when deemed advisable, to liquidate or reorganize such bank. [12 USC 248(h). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Rules and regulations (i) To require bonds of Federal reserve agents, to make regulations for the safeguarding of all collateral, bonds, Federal reserve notes, money or property of any kind deposited in the hands of such agents, and said board shall perform the duties, functions, or services specified in this Act, and make all rules and regulations necessary to enable said board effectively to perform the same. [12 USC 248(i). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Supervision over Reserve banks (j) To exercise general supervision over said Federal reserve banks. [12 USC 248(j). Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Delegation of functions (k) To delegate, by published order or rule and subject to the Administrative Procedure Act, any of its functions, other than those relating to rulemaking or pertaining principally to monetary and credit policies, to one or more administrative law judges, members or employees of the Board, or Federal Reserve banks. The assignment of responsibility for the performance of any function that the Board determines to delegate shall be a function of the Chairman. The Board shall, upon the vote of one member, review action taken at a delegated level within such time and in such manner as the Board shall by rule prescribe. The Board of Governors may not delegate to a Federal reserve bank its functions for the establishment of policies for the supervision and regulation of depository institution holding companies and other financial firms supervised by the Board of Governors. [12 USC 248(k). As added by the acts of Nov. 5, 1966 (80 Stat. 1314); March 27, 1978 (92 Stat. 183); and July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 2126).] Employees of Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( l ) To employ such attorneys, experts, assistants, clerks, or other employees as may be deemed necessary to conduct the business of the board. All salaries and fees shall be fixed in advance by