Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Banks Federal Reserve Banks Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Overview: Federal Reserve System Boards of Directors Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas City Dallas San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Susan M. Collins President and Chief Executive Officer Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Susan M. Collins took office as president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston on July 1, 2022. Prior to her appointment, Dr. Collins was provost and executive vice president for academic affairs at the University of Michigan, as well as the Edward M. Gramlich Collegiate Professor of Public Policy and Professor of Economics. (She retains the latter designation at the university, on unpaid leave.) Dr. Collins also served for a decade as the Joan and Sanford Weill Dean of the university's Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy. Previously, Dr. Collins was a professor of economics at Georgetown University, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, and a senior staff economist at the President's Council of Economic Advisers. Dr. Collins received a bachelor's in economics from Harvard University, where she began her career as assistant then associate professor of economics. She earned her Ph.D. in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. View More Bank Location 600 Atlantic Avenue Boston, MA 02210 (617) 973-3000 Visitor Information Head office at Boston, Massachusetts. No branches. Covers the states of Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont; and all but Fairfield County in Connecticut. Website: https://www.bostonfed.org/ List of Directors Class A Name Title Term expires December 31 Ronald P. O'Hanley Chairman and Chief Executive Officer State Street Boston, Massachusetts 2025 Josephine Moran President and Chief Executive Officer Ledyard Financial Group, Inc. and Ledyard National Bank Hanover, New Hampshire 2026 Sushil K. Tuli Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Leader Bancorp, Inc. and Leader Bank, N.A. Arlington, Massachusetts 2027 Class B Name Title Term expires December 31 Sunil Eappen, MD President and Chief Executive Officer The University of Vermont Health Network Burlington, Vermont 2025 Kimberly Sherman Stamler President Related Beal Boston, Massachusetts 2026 Betty Francisco Chief Executive Officer Boston Impact Initiative Roxbury, Massachusetts 2027 Class C Name Title Term expires December 31 Lizanne Kindler (Deputy Chair) Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer KnitWell Group Hingham, Massachusetts 2025 Roger W. Crandall (Chair) Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) Springfield, Massachusetts 2026 Corey Thomas Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rapid7 Inc. Boston, Massachusetts 2027 Back to Top Last Update: February 28, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551