Environmental remediation 1 Other site improvements (retaining walls, stationary bollards) Parking lots Plazas and patios Sidewalks, curbs, pavers, and handrails Site lighting 1 Reserve Banks must consult with the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section to determine if capitalization is appropriate. Building All permanent and demountable partitions (except freestanding) Architects and consultants fees (including design development, schematic designs, and construction artifacts) Book and record vaults Brick, marble, limestone and granite cut stone work foundation Builders' risk and other insurance Built-in fire protection equipment (e.g., sprinkler systems) Built-in loading dock equipment Built-in maintenance systems Built-in shooting range equipment (e.g., stops/traps) Built-in window treatments (including film) Built-in window washing equipment Casework (built-in furniture) Ceiling and support systems Cement or metal floors and stairs Damp proofing and water proofing Ducts, conduits, cables, wiring and power points not associated with a specific building machinery and equipment Electrical wiring Elevator doors Elevator shafts Environmental remediation 1 Excavation Finished hardware Fire and storm doors Floor and roof construction (including structural and raised) Foundation systems (piles, walls, piers, and footings) Fuel connections Hoist Indoor built-in artwork Indoor built-in landscaping 2 Licenses and permits Lighting fixtures Mail chutes and conveyors Mill work and dimension lumber Moving stairs and walks Paint—Wall paper and wall graphics Parking garages/structures Permanent flooring (including initial installation of carpeting in building) Plastering Plumbing Reinforced concrete work Rolled steel doors Sanitation/sewer lines Sheet metal work Sky lights Structural steel work Temporary construction fencing Temporary utilities and facilities during construction Restroom and bath accessories Vapor barriers and insulation Vaults including racks and files, doors and day gates Walls and wall systems (including studs) Windows 1 Reserve Banks must consult with the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section to determine if capitalization is appropriate. 2 When landscaping involves the roof of a secure wing and the roof of the space below plaza ground level, these landscape costs should be prorated between building and land improvements. 30.45 Furniture and Equipment Furniture and equipment includes computing equipment, automotive equipment, furniture, furnishings, and fixtures, operating equipment, and artwork. This account also includes machinery and equipment associated with building structures that are considered part of the building and will convey with the building when it is sold. Examples include air conditioning units, boilers, elevators, and heating or lighting equipment. 30.46 Examples of Classification of Capitalized Furniture and Equipment Assets The following are examples of expenditures that are to be capitalized as furniture and equipment. The list is intended to suggest the scope of the furniture and equipment accounts, and is not exhaustive. Furniture and Equipment Equipment (if > $10,000 or bulk purchased with notification to RBOPS) Computing Equipment: Computers Desktops, tablets, and laptops Virtual/Augmented Reality Equipment Network: routers, switches, wireless equipment Peripheral equipment Telecommunication systems Disc drives Mass storage units (network attached storage) Printers, copiers, and fax machines Scanners Smartboards Storage area network Tape drives / libraries Security assets, including visual display terminals, and intrusion detection and prevention systems Public Key Infrastructure identity and authentication systems Servers Portable uninterrupted power sources IT vending machines Automotive Equipment Automobiles Tractors Trucks Furniture, Furnishings and Fixtures (if > $10,000 or bulk purchased with notification to RBOPS) Furniture: Desks, chairs, credenzas, bookcases, cabinets, tables, files (except operationally dedicated high-density filing systems), lockers, outside patio benches and tables, initial stock of cafeteria tableware and dishes, etc. Furnishings and Fixtures: Window treatments, attached Sit-To-Stand desks, freestanding partitions and cubicle components (such as shelves, work surfaces, cabinets, and file drawers). Operating Equipment 2 Heating and Air Conditioning Equipment: Boilers Commissioning (testing of all HVAC equipment) Compressors and fans Cooling towers, chillers, water tanks, and hot water heaters Environmental control consoles Heating, ventilating, and air handling equipment Pumps Electrical and Mechanical Equipment: Built in Sound Masking System (installed in ceiling) Dynamos and stationary electric motors Electrical panels and transformers Non-portable uninterrupted power sources Non-portable power-distribution units Elevators Pumps Switchgear and generators Operating Equipment: Built-in and operationally dedicated material handling and conveying systems; lobby exhibits (A/V, lighting, built-in displays); coin and currency counting and sorting machines; spare sensors; currency shredding equipment; fork lift trucks; electric Car Stations; internal currency and coin transport systems; phone Charging Stations; TV surveillance cameras and monitors; etc. 1 Building Maintenance Equipment: Vacuum cleaners, waxing machines, sanding machines, portable trash compactors, plumbing snake, etc. Shop Equipment: Drill presses, lathes, electric saws, etc. Kitchen and Dining Facilities Equipment: Refrigerators (other than built-in, walk-in refrigerators and freezers), cash registers, microwaves, vending machines, etc. Medical Services Equipment: Sterilizers, sunlamps, scales, hospital beds, stretchers, etc. Audio-Visual Equipment: Video equipment, cameras, projectors and screens, sound systems, speakers, portable and integrated videoconferencing equipment, computerized system for shooting range, etc. Protection Equipment: Biometric devices, access control devices, MAG locks, magnetometers, x-ray machines, bomb detectors, K-9 dogs, etc. Fitness Center Equipment: Treadmills, ellipticals, exercise bikes, etc. Artwork Moveable original works of art created by professional artists, including paintings, outdoor artwork, and graphics. Does not include framed poster art. Kitchen and Dining Room Equipment Built-in dishwashers Built-in hoods and vents Built-in stoves and ovens Built-in grilles Built-in walk-in freezers and refrigerators Steam tables and serving line equipment Built-in dispensing equipment Built-in ice makers Built-in pizza ovens Other Equipment: Cash residue equipment Parking equipment Retractable bollards and moveable gates Surveillance and protection equipment (security Portal, Speed Lanes) 1 Equipment designated with a maximum 15-year useful life: incinerators, high-density filing systems, high-speed equipment. See 30.78 . 2 Initial installation costs of equipment may be recorded as a building cost if not readily identifiable in construction contracts or invoices. Costs incurred to replace ducts, conduits, cables, wiring, and power points that support specific building, machinery, and equipment should be recorded as installation costs. 30.47 Methods of Capitalization—Furniture and Equipment Prior to 2021, two accounting methods were followed in capitalizing and depreciating these assets—the "individual asset" method (as is used for all other asset categories) and the "pooled asset" method. Assets classified as furniture, furnishings, and fixtures were previously capitalized and depreciated using the pooled asset method, as described in paragraph 30.55 below. Beginning in 2021, furniture,