Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies 20.01 General The preceding chapter discusses the periodic reporting of the assets and liabilities of Federal Reserve Banks. Chapter 2 is concerned with the accounts covering securities and other valuables, which are to be reported at the end of each month on the reverse of the FR 34. Federal Reserve Banks act as custodians for securities and other valuables pledged by depository institutions as collateral for borrowings from Reserve Banks and securities pledged as collateral to the Federal government. As fiscal agents, the Banks also act as custodians for securities pledged by nondepository institutions, including securities that are held for Government departments and officials in a fiduciary capacity. As the issuing and/or paying agents for the U.S. Government and certain Government-sponsored agencies, the Reserve Banks are accountable for unissued stock and for retired or paid securities, held pending shipment or destruction. The Reserve Banks also hold gold and other valuables, in accordance with safekeeping agreements with Treasury, foreign central banks, and other institutions. The objective in reporting the various collateral and custody items on the reverse of the FR 34 is to assure adequate disclosure for purposes of verification and control. For purposes of this chapter, "book entry" securities refer to Fedwire book entry securities only. 20.02 Book Entry vs. Definitive Custodies Two amount columns are provided on the reverse of form FR 34: one titled "Definitive" and the other titled "Book Entry." All book entry securities should be reported in the Book Entry column and all definitive securities and other custodies, including custody receipts, should be reported in the Definitive column. Custodies in book entry form that are held for the reporting office by another Federal Reserve office should also be shown in the Book Entry column, and included on the line for "Held by other offices in own District" or "Held by other FR Banks," as the case may be. 20.03 Special Depositaries, Treasury Tax, and Loan Accounts As fiscal agents the Reserve Banks maintain records for certain balances in Treasury's deposit accounts at commercial banks and thrift institutions. For example, when qualified depositaries that hold investments of Treasury balances receive payment for Federal taxes, the depositaries hold the funds until Treasury withdraws or calls the balances held at the depositaries. When investments mature or calls are made, the funds are remitted through the reserve accounts of depository institutions. The balance reported in this item should represent the aggregate of the individual demand deposit accounts, as well as open-ended note accounts. 20.04 Classification/Valuation of Holdings Classification: To properly reflect the location, purpose and accountability for custodies recorded on the books of the Federal Reserve Banks, the various collateral and custody accounts are subdivided into four categories: Held in Own Vaults , Held by Other Offices in Own District , Held by Other Federal Reserve Banks , and Held by Depository Institutions . In general, all book-entry securities (except securities issued by international organizations) should be classified as "Held In Own Vaults." For book-entry securities issued by international organizations, all Federal Reserve Banks (except the FRBNY) should classify their holdings of these securities as "Held By Other FRBs." The FRBNY, however, should classify their holdings of these securities as "Held In Own Vaults." The FRBNY should then classify the roll-up of all the other Reserve Banks' holdings of these securities as "Custodies Held For Other F.R. Banks." (See paragraph 21.10 .) The following characteristics should be considered to determine the proper classifications for custodies on both office and District level FR 34s. The descriptions below focus on definitive holdings; however, except for the reference to trust receipts, the same principles apply to book-entry securities. The classifications of "Held by DI's" and "Held by Other Offices in Own District" only apply to definitive securities and should never be used for book entry securities: Location of Physical Security All custodies held by an office must appear on that office's FR 34 Reverse as Held in Own Vaults . Trust receipts held by an office that represent custodies held outside the System are classified as Held by Depository Institutions . Collateral Function Custodies are recorded on the books of the Federal Reserve System for one of two purposes: collateral to protect the System or a government entity against certain risks; or as a safekeeping service. Custody items held as collateral should be reflected in the appropriate function (Loans, TT&L, etc.); if the same custody is used to collateralize differing transactions during the day, it should be reflected on the FR 34 Reverse under the function it serves at end-of-day and should be recorded and carefully monitored in departmental records to reflect the purpose served intraday. Other security holdings are reflected in the appropriate Custodies Held for... accounts. Location of Applicable Function The Federal Reserve System has a wide variety of both decentralized and consolidated processes at the District and office levels. In order to reflect proper accountability on the FR 34 Reverse, offices which have functional units that may require collateral must reflect all of this associated collateral on their FR 34 Reverse regardless of where that collateral is located. To distinguish between physical accountability and functional accountability, offices should reflect these custodies as Held by other offices in own District or Held by other Federal Reserve Banks