adjusted to zero. On the last day of the month, these accounts should be closed against each other. Accrual of Expense/Expenditure at Month-End and Year-End Expenses incurred should be accrued as of the last day of the month and the year. To ensure the proper recognition of expenses and liabilities at month-end and year-end, Reserve Banks are expected to maintain robust accrual processes to identify expenses timely and record them in the proper period. These processes may differ depending on the nature of the transaction as long as they effectively accrue significant expenses. For example, some transactions may be more efficiently accrued on a comprehensive basis than on a transaction basis. Examples of these may include automated accruals associated with purchase orders, purchasing cards, and personnel-related expenses. Other transactions, such as recurring monthly payments for utilities, may be more efficiently recorded on a cash basis if the monthly differences are minor and they are handled consistently month-to-month. Although some transactions, particularly those acquisitions of goods and services outside the purchase order/purchasing card processes, may be difficult to identify, Reserve Banks must maintain an accrual process to consistently identify and accrue significant transactions in the appropriate period. Because of the importance of producing accurate year-end financial statements, additional procedures, such as subsequent payments testing, should be used to identify and accrue expenses incurred but not paid at year-end. Amounts accrued should be debited to operating expenses and distributed to the appropriate subsidiary accounts or to the appropriate asset account, and credited to sundry items payable or prepaid accounts. (See paragraph 4.20 .) For monthly accruals made for purchasing card transactions, the Bank may choose to offset the accrual for expenses to the current expense undistributed account rather than individual expense accounts. If the Bank makes significant capital purchases with purchasing cards, however, accruals for capital items should be debited to the relevant capital asset account. Generally, each month the previous month-end accruals, except for standing accruals, should be reversed and payments should be debited to current expense. If payment is not expected to be made until a future period, the Bank can elect to not automatically reverse the accrual. 11.61 Accruals for Compensated Absences Reserve Banks must accrue a liability for employees' compensation for future absences if (1) the obligation is attributable to services already rendered, (2) the obligation relates to rights that vest or accumulate, and (3) payment of the compensation is probable and estimable. This requirement does not extend to sick-pay benefits unless they vest (i.e., an employee is paid for unused sick days upon termination). The purpose of this accrual is to recognize the liability for vested or accumulated compensated absences. Vested rights are those for which the District has an obligation to make payment even if an employee terminates. Accumulated rights are earned, but unused, rights to receive payment for compensated absences that may be carried forward to one or more periods. Accumulated rights may be vested, in whole or in part. The requirement to accrue a liability for compensated absences depends on whether the unused rights expire at the end of the year in which they are earned or accumulated and are carried forward to succeeding years. The cost of accumulated compensated absences should be accrued to the extent that it is probable that employees will use or be paid in future years for the increased benefits attributable to the accumulated rights and that the amount can be reasonably estimated. The accrual for the cost of sick pay benefits, however, should be limited to the vested amount. Example 1: Assume an employee accumulates vacation time throughout the year and, at the end of the year, has accumulated four weeks of vacation time. The District's policy allows employees to carry over a maximum of three weeks of vacation to the following year. The District should accrue a liability for the cost of three weeks of accumulated vacation time (accumulated portion), even if the District's policy is to pay only a maximum of two weeks of vacation in the event of termination (vested portion). Example 2: Assume that an employee earns sick-pay benefits throughout the year and the District's policy allows employees to accumulate sick-pay benefits, but limits the amount that can be paid to the employee at termination to two weeks (vested portion). In this case, the accrual should be limited to the vested portion only, or two weeks. This accrual should be calculated by multiplying total hours of qualifying compensated absences by actual salary rates. Average salary rates may be used if actual rates are unavailable or as a practical expedient. To ensure the recognition of this liability while avoiding the burdensome requirements of distinguishing between salary and compensated absence expense on a weekly basis, this liability need not be continually adjusted to reflect individual accrual/usage of qualifying benefits. Rather, this liability and related expense should be adjusted at year-end, to reflect overall changes in the level of the liability. This liability should also be adjusted periodically for significant changes in the liability that result from events such as merit increases, significant staff level changes, or policy changes. For example, when merit increases are granted to employees, an adjustment will be required to increase the liability. Districts that grant merit increases on an employee's anniversary date should accrue the annual projected merit increase weekly ratably over the year in which the increases are granted. 11.62 Accruals for Contingent Liabilities A loss contingency arises when an uncertain existing condition will be resolved by a future event that may result in the impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability. Consistent with FASB ASC Topic 450-20, Accounting for Contingencies, a loss contingency should be accrued if (1) it is probable that a future event will confirm the impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, and (2) the amount is reasonably estimable. Examples of contingent liabilities are pending or threatened litigation and conditional asset retirement obligations (refer to paragraph 30.05 ). Districts should periodically