issued during the month and the appropriate expense entries should be made by month-end. A physical inventory of materials and supplies should be conducted at least annually and any necessary adjusting entries made to expense. Items which become obsolete or which have only limited use over future periods, such as an unused supply of a monthly bulletin issued two months earlier, should be expensed unless the Reserve Bank feels that the demand for the item is likely to recur at a pace that justifies the continued recordkeeping. In the case of supplies that are sold out of inventory, the offsetting entry should be made to cash, items in process of collection, or other designated payment medium. Purchases for future consumption should be uniformly debited to this account and expensed by the last business day of the month based on the supplies actually used during the month, and the average cost of such supplies should always be used in calculating the expense charge. 4.23 Prepaid Expense—Pension Costs (170-260) This account is used by the FRBA to record the funded status of the Retirement Plan for Employees of the Federal Reserve System (System Plan) when the fair value of plan assets exceed the projected benefit obligation, as defined by FASB ASC Topic 715-20, and required by FASB ASC Topic 715-20. The FRBA recognizes the costs and associated net asset or liability of the System Plan on behalf of all the System's employers. Although the System Plan has characteristics of a multi-employer plan in that the plan's assets are not severable among the participating employers, the FRBA accounts for and discloses the System Plan in a manner similar to a single-employer plan given its close administrative relationship with the Office of Employee Benefits and practice of providing funding to the plan on behalf of the System when needed; refer to appendix F.1 for additional information. 4.40 Difference Account, Net (170-300) Differences are reported in the account to permit settlement between incoming and outgoing work processed in various areas. A difference is an out-of-balance condition resulting from the normal operation of a department where it is probable that the difference will not be resolved or where it is decided that it is not economically feasible to conduct further research. The account thus contains amounts that the Bank has determined to be either uncollectible or else not worth the effort of doing so. While their disposition is considered final, entries to this account are subject to reversal. The account contains both overages and shortages and is shown net on the asset side of FR 34. The balance in this account should be removed and applied to current expense monthly and at year-end regardless of the year in which the differences originated. At the option of any Reserve Bank, unresolved items in the Adjustments, net or Suspense accounts for which research is complete may be written off directly to Current expense, bypassing the Difference account, providing that sufficient control and documentation exist to ensure a clear audit trail absent the Difference account entries. An expensed item that is resolved subsequently should be applied directly to expenses of the current period. General ledger accounts are maintained as necessary to permit effective control. The sources of differences are generally as follows: Currency and Coin . Tellers verifying incoming deposits are sometimes unable to locate differences in the work. Also, depository institutions will report back any differences that they find in shipments from the Reserve Bank. Any difference identifiable as to depositing institution is applied back to the depositor and is not entered in this account. Differences that result from counterfeits identified during currency processing should be charged to this account. Other. Internal differences may occur in a variety of Reserve Bank settlement operations such as the balancing of paid savings bonds, cafeteria receipts, and postmaster's deposits. Any difference that will be resolved and reversed should be posted to a suspense account. 4.50 Suspense Account—General (170-325) This account represents miscellaneous debit items that are temporarily held in abeyance pending disposition. In the case of differences, the suspense account contains amounts whose disposition has yet to be decided and which the Bank has reason to believe are collectable or payable. The suspense account is used to record other items about which there are questions or which for other reasons are being held pending functioning to the appropriate account. Examples are (1) adjustments for savings bond redemptions, (2) expense items that arrive too late in the day to be vouchered or that are being held for additional information, (3) other transactions that require additional information or verification before the charge can be made to the proper account, and (4) checks cashed for employees that have been returned due to non-sufficient funds, etc. The only check-related items to be held in this account are Treasury check truncation adjustment items, and other government related adjustment items, where an un-located difference arises between a Reserve Bank and Treasury, or another government agency, and a depository institution has been credited pending resolution of the difference. Treasury check truncation adjustment items where an un-located difference occurs between a depository institution and a Reserve Bank that is float related should be held in the adjustments, net account under items in process of collection or deferred credit items as appropriate. Items that cannot be resolved should be cleared from this account by a credit and offset by a Difference account debit or may be debited directly to current expense as described in paragraph 4.40 . 4.60 Other Real Estate, Net (170-350) Property purchased for future Bank use is reported in this account pending final approval of the site for construction. Upon final approval of the site, the property is transferred to the Bank premises accounts. The net book value of Bank-owned property that has been classified as held for sale (see asset impairment in paragraph 30.95 ) should be transferred to this account and carried at net realizable value. (See paragraph 30.97 .) 4.70 Currency and Coin Exhibits