and Payment Systems has assigned specific maximum estimated useful lives to the following assets: Ten (10) year useful life, zero salvage value (1) Unisys check processing equipment and (2) currency storage containers. Fifteen (15) year useful life: (1) High speed currency equipment, currency disintegrators and incinerators, and high density filing systems. (2) Offset printing presses, and (3) automated guided vehicles. Twenty (20) year estimated useful life: (1) Uninterruptable power systems. (2) Materials handling systems. (3) Building Machinery and Equipment type assets. Twenty five (25) year estimated useful life: Solar water heat. Forty (40) year estimated useful life: Solar vent preheat. Note: Peripheral equipment that is expected to have the same useful life as a mainframe computer should be depreciated over the life of the mainframe. However, if the useful life of such equipment is projected to be different from that of the computer, the equipment may be depreciated over a different period provided the equipment is not dedicated to, or an integral part of, the mainframe. Return to table 30.80 Leases A lease is defined as an agreement conveying the right to use property, plant, or equipment (land and/or depreciable assets) usually for a stated period of time. A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant, or equipment ("identified asset") for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To determine whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time, the Reserve Bank needs to assess whether, throughout the period of use, the Reserve Bank has both the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset and the right to direct the use of the identified asset. Leases will be classified at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date on which a lessor makes an underlying asset available for use by a lessee). Classification: A Reserve Bank lessee classifies a lease as a finance lease and a Reserve Bank lessor classifies a lease as a sales-type lease if the lease meets any one of the following criteria: The lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term. The lease grants the lessee an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. The lease term is 75 percent or more of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset. This criterion is not applicable for leases that commence within 25 percent or less of the underlying asset's economic life . The present value of the sum of the lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee that is not already included in the lease payments equal or exceed 90 percent of the fair value of the underlying asset. 5 The underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. When none of the criteria noted above are met: A Reserve Bank lessee shall classify the lease as an operating lease. A Reserve Bank lessor shall classify the lease as either a direct financing lease or an operating lease. A Reserve Bank lessor shall classify a lease as an operating lease unless both of the following criteria are met, in which case the Reserve Bank lessor shall classify the lease as a direct financing lease: The present value of the sum of the lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee and/or by any other third party unrelated to the Reserve Bank lessor that is not already reflected in the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset. 6 It is probable that the Reserve Bank lessor will collect the lease payments plus any amount necessary to satisfy a residual value guarantee. Lease Term A Reserve Bank shall determine the lease term for any lease classification as the non-cancellable period of the lease including optional periods to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise; termination options that the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise; and extension or termination options controlled by the lessor. At the commencement date, a Reserve Bank shall include the periods listed above in the lease term having considered all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for the lessee (that is, contract-based, asset-based, entity-based, and market-based factors). 7 Lease Payments A Reserve Bank shall determine lease payments for any lease classification as consisting of the following payments relating to the use of the underlying asset during the lease term determined as noted above: Fixed payments, including in substance fixed payments, less any lease incentives paid or payable to the lessee. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate (such as the consumer price index or a market interest rate), initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date. The exercise price of an option to purchase the underlying asset if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option. Payments for penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. Fees paid by the lessee to the owners of a special-purpose entity for structuring the transaction. For a Reserve Bank lessee only, amounts probable of being owed under residual value guarantees. Lease payments do not include variable lease payments other than those noted above, any guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt, and amounts allocated to nonlease components. Reserve Bank Lessee Accounting Initial Measurement of All Leases At the commencement date of a lease, a Reserve Bank lessee shall measure for any lease classification both a lease liability computed as the present value of the lease payments not yet paid, discounted using the discount rate for the lease at lease commencement and a right-of-use asset. The Reserve Bank lessees shall use a