Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Appendix D. Software D.1 Accounting Guidance for Internal Use Software and Cloud Computing Arrangements The following accounting guidance is provided to assist System financial accounting staff in determining the appropriate accounting treatment for internal use software, whether it is purchased from a vendor, internally developed, or significantly modified for use by the Federal Reserve Banks. 1 This guidance will also be used for recording charges associated with a cloud computing arrangement containing a software license element, if certain conditions are met and for the recognition of implementation costs associated with a cloud computing arrangement that does not contain a software license element. This information expands on the requirements in the Financial Accounting Manual (FAM)'s Chapters 1 (Section 4.21 ) and 3 (Sections 30.72 , 30.78 , 30.80 , and 30.95 ) and further highlights the underlying accounting principles that relate to software assets and expenses. 2 The accounting treatment of costs incurred to purchase or develop internal use software is influenced by the intangible nature of the resulting assets, and the accounting recognition requirements are frequently different than those for tangible assets. The costs incurred to develop, purchase, and install software must be carefully analyzed and independently evaluated to establish the proper accounting treatment based on all the relevant factors. The discussion that follows will assist those performing the analysis in using a uniform analytical approach when evaluating the events and related information associated with software development efforts to promote consistency in accounting treatment for like transactions. In April 2018, the Reserve Banks adopted the Program and Project Management (PPM) Standard, which integrates the prior Technology Project Standard, Enterprise Program Standard, Business Case Justification Standard, Technology Project Management Standard, Software Development Framework, Application Development Estimation Framework, and Requirements Engineering Framework (REF). The single PPM Standard is aligned with industry-based standards and incorporates all aforementioned standards and frameworks. The PPM Standard is organized into three stages: Stage 1: Justification, Stage 2: Planning and Execution, and Stage 3: Transition and Closing. Integral to performing a thorough analysis and determining the proper accounting treatment for software costs is having the requisite information about the contracts, agreements, and circumstances so that the derived accounting treatment is correct. This requires that an accounting staff member communicates with business areas and other affected Reserve Banks' accounting departments and vice versa to discuss all the relevant information, including cost data needed to establish the proper accounting for software assets. In cases where software development costs are related to System initiatives, the product and function offices likely will be part of the communications and will have additional relevant information that is needed to determine the proper accounting treatment for internal use software. Board staff may also be consulted for assistance in the decision making process and considering the implications for financial reporting, or with emerging arrangements that are not addressed in this document. In certain situations, which are identified later, RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section staff must be contacted for approval of FAM exceptions. The analysis, conclusions, and rationale for the accounting treatment should be documented. 1. Capitalization thresholds For an outlay to be capitalized, it should be material in value, which, for purposes of recognizing assets, is defined as equal to or greater than established capitalization thresholds. For software assets, the thresholds are $100,000 or more for internally developed software and implementation costs for cloud computing arrangements that does not contain a software license and $25,000 or more for externally purchased software. These thresholds are discussed in FAM Chapter 1, section 4.20 (Deferred Charges). The capitalization threshold for externally purchased software was lowered in 2005 to make this threshold consistent with other prepaid license fees. For internally developed software, information referenced in sections 3, 4, and 6 further explain what costs are to be capitalized and how to evaluate the asset unit. 2. Ownership of software Every asset is an asset of some entity and that entity must control future economic benefits and regulate access to the benefit. The contract is usually the primary source for information about ownership. Contracts and agreements usually indicate who will have future economic benefit, and specify who has which legal rights, which enables determining ownership. Absent contracts or agreements that indicate ownership or rights, software ownership is determined by several factors that indicate control such as: The entity makes decisions about the software, including but not limited to defining requirements, and establishing implementation and decommission dates. The entity operates and provides daily support for the software. The entity controls granting rights to use the software. In the Federal Reserve System, there is a designated entity, such as a Central Business Administrative Function (CBAF), Product Office, or Function Office that controls a software asset, thus the asset would be recorded on the books of the Reserve Bank hosting this entity or, absent the entity, the Reserve Bank that exercises this control over the asset, regardless of physical location of the software. The software may be installed on another Reserve Bank's hardware, a hardware platform that is operated by a third party vendor that was contracted for by a Reserve Bank, or an outside party's hardware. As a result, software development may occur at one Reserve Bank, the software may be installed on hardware at another Reserve Bank, and a third Reserve