appeal. For the appeals referred to DCCA by the Ombuds, DCCA will consult with the Ombuds during the appeal investigation to help ensure that the matter is fully and fairly addressed and provide a final copy of the response letter to the Ombuds. The Ombuds handles appeals seeking further investigation of DCCA's handling of an initial appeal, appeals where the consumer requests confidential treatment, and appeals where the consumer requests that the Ombuds's Office handle the initial appeal. The Ombuds may handle other appeals, as determined in collaboration with DCCA. The Ombuds will send an acknowledgement letter for each appeal it receives. With respect to appeals seeking further investigation of DCCA's handling of an initial appeal or where the consumer requests that the Ombuds handle the appeal, the Ombuds will typically consult with DCCA during the investigation. For appeals where the consumer requests confidential treatment, the Ombuds typically will not consult with DCCA during the investigation. For all appeals the Ombuds handles, the Ombuds will review the matter. In doing so, the Ombuds will collect and review the complaint documents from DCCA and seek any other relevant information, unless confidential treatment is requested. The Ombuds may also consult Board and Reserve Bank staff to discuss the details of the previous complaint investigations. The Ombuds is responsible for responding to the complainant with its determination. As appropriate, the Ombuds will contact the appropriate Board division director and Reserve Bank staff with feedback or concerns. Safeguards These policies, processes, and practices are intended as safeguards to encourage complainants to come forward with issues or complaints related to the Federal Reserve System's supervisory activities. To the extent possible, the Ombuds will honor requests to keep confidential the identity of a complaining party. It must be recognized, however, that it may not be possible for the Ombuds to resolve certain complaints, including complaints of retaliation, if the Ombuds cannot disclose the identity of the complaining party to other members of Federal Reserve staff. Procedures A party may contact the Ombuds at any time regarding concerns or issues resulting from the regulatory activities of the Board or the Reserve Banks by calling 1‑800-337-0429, by sending a fax to 202-530-6208, by writing to the Office of the Ombuds, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Washington, D.C. 20551, or by sending an email to [email protected] . By order of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, effective April 1, 2020. (Signed) _______________________ Ann Misback, Secretary of the Board. 1. For example, the Ombuds may explain some of the existing mechanisms for resolutions of complaints, such as: material supervisory determinations pursuant to section 309(a) of the Riegle Act; actions delegated to the Reserve Banks or Board staff pursuant to 12 CFR Part 265; prompt corrective action directives under section 38 of the FDI Act; denials or partial denials of Freedom of Information or Privacy Act requests; issuance of capital directives pursuant to 12 CFR 263.80-263.85; decisions with respect to applications; and matters within the jurisdiction of the Board's Inspector General or Federal or State investigatory or prosecutorial authorities. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: April 11, 2022