appropriated for the purpose of furnishing the notes aforesaid: Provided, however , That nothing in this section contained shall be construed as exempting national banks or Federal reserve banks from their liability to reimburse the United States for any expenses incurred in printing and issuing circulating notes. [Omitted from U.S. Code. Part of original Federal Reserve Act. This paragraph was in effect amended by subsection (a) of section 1 of the Permanent Appropriation Repeal Act of 1934, approved June 26, 1934 (48 Stat. 1224; 31 USC, 725), which provides: "That effective July 1, 1935, such portions of any acts as provide permanent or continuing appropriations from the general fund of the Treasury to be disbursed under the appropriation accounts appearing on the books of the Government, and listed in subsection (b) of this section, are hereby repealed, and any unobligated balances under such accounts as of June 30, 1935, shall be covered into the surplus fund of the Treasury." Among the appropriation accounts listed in subsection (b) is that for the preparation and issue of Federal Reserve notes.] 13. Checks and drafts to be received on deposit at par Every Federal reserve bank shall receive on deposit at par from depository institutions or from Federal reserve banks checks and other items, including negotiable orders of withdrawal and share drafts and drafts drawn upon any of its depositors, and when remitted by a Federal reserve bank, checks and other items, including negotiable orders of withdrawal and share drafts and drafts drawn by any depositor in any other Federal reserve bank or depository institution upon funds to the credit of said depositor in said reserve bank or depository institution. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as prohibiting a depository institution from charging its actual expense incurred in collecting and remitting funds, or for exchange sold to its patrons. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, by rule, fix the charges to be collected by the depository institutions from its patrons whose checks and other items, including negotiable orders of withdrawal and share drafts are cleared through the Federal reserve bank and the charge which may be imposed for the service of clearing or collection rendered by the Federal reserve bank. [12 USC 360. As amended by act of March 31, 1980 (94 Stat. 140).] 14. Transfer of funds among Federal Reserve banks The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall make and promulgate from time to time regulations governing the transfer of funds and charges therefor among Federal reserve banks and their branches, and may at its discretion exercise the functions of a clearing house for such Federal reserve banks, or may designate a Federal reserve bank to exercise such functions, and may also require each such bank to exercise the functions of a clearing house for depository institutions. [12 USC 248-1. As amended by acts of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 704) and March 31, 1980 (94 Stat. 140). Reclassified (previously 12 USC 248(o).] 15. Settlement fund The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to receive deposits of gold or of gold certificates or of Special Drawing Right certificates with the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the United States when tendered by any Federal Reserve bank or Federal Reserve agent for credit to its or his account with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Secretary shall prescribe by regulation the form of receipt to be issued by the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer to the Federal Reserve bank or Federal Reserve agent making the deposit, and a duplicate of such receipt shall be delivered to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System by the Treasurer at Washington upon proper advices from any Assistant Treasurer that such deposit has been made. Deposits so made shall be held subject to the orders of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and deposits of gold or gold certificates shall be payable in gold certificates, and deposits of Special Drawing Right certificates shall be payable in Special Drawing Right certificates, on the order of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to any Federal Reserve bank or Federal Reserve agent at the Treasury or at the subtreasury of the United States nearest the place of business of such Federal Reserve bank or such Federal Reserve agent. The order used by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in making such payments shall be signed by the chairman or vice chairman, or such other officers or members as the Board may by regulation prescribe. The form of such order shall be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury. [12 USC 467. As added by act of June 21, 1917 (40 Stat. 238); and amended by acts of Jan. 30, 1934 (48 Stat. 339) and June 19, 1968 (82 Stat. 189). Prior to enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, approved Aug. 23, 1935, the chairman and vice chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System were known as the governor and vice governor of the Federal Reserve Board, respectively. See note to section 1 .] 16. Expenses The expenses necessarily incurred in carrying out these provisions, including the cost of the certificates or receipts issued for deposits received, and all expenses incident to the handling of such deposits shall be paid by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and included in its assessments against the several Federal reserve banks. [12 USC 467. As added by act of June 21, 1917 (40 Stat. 238).] 17. Preservation of provisions of Act of March 14, 1900 Nothing in this section shall be construed as amending section six of the Act of March fourteenth, nineteen hundred, as amended by the Acts of March fourth, nineteen hundred and seven, March second, nineteen hundred and eleven, and June twelfth, nineteen hundred and sixteen, nor shall the provisions of this section be construed to apply to the