notes were authorized at the same time but were not printed and issued until 1976. Larger denominations ($500, $1,000, $5,000, and $10,000) were first authorized primarily for interbank transactions by an amendment to the Federal Reserve Act in 1918. With demand for them shrinking, printing of these denominations was discontinued in 1946. The remaining inventories were delivered to Treasury for destruction in 1969 when it was determined that transactions for which the notes had previously been used could be met by other means, such as checks or $100 notes. Currently, circulating large denomination notes received in the normal course of business are destroyed. 50.10 Printing The BEP Director, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, is responsible for the printing of Federal Reserve notes. Each year, the Board places a printing order with the BEP Director based on the estimated need for new currency and inventory requirements. After newly printed Federal Reserve Notes pass quality control testing, they are delivered to a special vault pending shipment. 50.20 Shipments The Board's RBOPS Division arranges for the shipments of Federal Reserve notes from the BEP to Federal Reserve offices in amounts sufficient to maintain inventories at agreed upon levels. The notes are shipped from the BEP in the most economical quantities that can be arranged, considering the following: the facilities and the rates of the carrier, the capacity of the Federal Reserve offices to handle the shipments, the amount of insurance that can be provided, the printing schedule and availability of new notes at the BEP, and unusual circumstances that sometimes warrant special shipments (such as armored carrier and airline strikes or the servicing of Reserve Banks moving into new buildings). 50.30 Application for Notes The law requires that a Federal Reserve Bank make application to the Federal Reserve Agent for the notes required by the Bank. Unless otherwise instructed, the Reserve Bank may make such application on a continuing basis as set forth in the ordering system. 50.40 Issuance The notes are issued by the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent, normally on the day of shipment from Washington or Ft. Worth. When the Assistant Agent issues notes to the Bank through shipment from the Washington or Ft. Worth facility, the automated ordering system indicates the denomination, dollar amount, District of issuance, and receiving office. The shipments should be taken into Bank cash on the date shown in the ordering system, which is normally the day the shipment will be received. The notes should be credited to the account on FR 34 for Federal Reserve notes outstanding with the offset being reflected in Federal Reserve notes on hand or in transit. Amounts that are in transit at the close of business—i.e., have not been delivered by the courier—should be carried in a general ledger account entitled "Federal Reserve notes in transit." Each Reserve Bank's notes outstanding must agree with the records of the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent. The Cash Department of the head office should originate the credit to Federal Reserve notes outstanding for BEP currency shipments based on the date shown in the ordering system, and the contra entry should be made to the Bank's clearing account. For shipments of notes between Districts, only the receiving office should use the in transit account when notes are not received the day they are shipped. The sending office should debit SDS and credit notes held by Bank or Branches (210-050) on the day shipped. The SDS debit will automatically create a debit to the interim in-transit account (210-075) at the receiving office based on the Inter-FRB account set-up in the Enterprise Accounting System (EASy). The receiving office should clear the interim in-transit account (210-075) with a credit and debit either their standard in-transit account (210-075) or held by Banks or Branches (210-050). The fact that a shipment may be taken in and pouches not opened until the following day should not affect the general ledger entries. In the event of error in the contents of the pouches or, in exigent circumstances, the return by the courier of a shipment to BEP or Ft. Worth, or rerouting to another Federal Reserve office, adjusting entries may be necessary. These situations, though, are unusual and the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent should keep the Reserve Bank fully informed. 50.43 Sales of Notes by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing Under a program initiated in 1981, the BEP purchases Federal Reserve notes from Reserve Banks for sale to the public. The currency is sold in uncut sheets of 16 and 32 notes, over-the-counter and by mail, to meet demands for souvenirs of visits to the BEP and for paper money collections. When purchasing the notes, the BEP authorizes the Reserve Banks to charge Treasury's general account for the face value of the notes plus the cost of printing. The authorization is contained in a modified Letter of Advice of Shipment (BEP Form 1907). On the release date contained in the Letter of Advice, the Reserve Bank debits Treasury's account for the total, credits the face value of the notes to Federal Reserve notes outstanding and credits the amount received for printing costs to the profit and loss account. (See paragraph 12.40 .) 50.45 Retirement Any Federal Reserve Bank may retire its Federal Reserve notes by returning them to the Federal Reserve Agent. The amount of notes that are retired should be debited on the balance sheet to Federal Reserve notes outstanding and removed from the amount of notes on hand. The notes may be reissued to the Bank as determined by the Assistant Agent in Washington D.C. However, it is not the practice to retire notes. 50.50 Redemption The law requires that unfit Federal Reserve notes be canceled, destroyed, and accounted for under procedures prescribed and at locations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury and that the credit for the unfit notes be apportioned among the Federal Reserve Banks as determined by RBOPS. The Cash departments commonly refer to the process of destroying Federal Reserve notes