of qualifying benefits. Rather, this liability and related expense should be adjusted at year-end, to reflect overall changes in the level of the liability. This liability should also be adjusted periodically for significant changes in the liability that result from events such as merit increases, significant staff level changes, or policy changes. For example, when merit increases are granted to employees, an adjustment will be required to increase the liability. Districts that grant merit increases on an employee's anniversary date should accrue the annual projected merit increase weekly ratably over the year in which the increases are granted. 11.62 Accruals for Contingent Liabilities A loss contingency arises when an uncertain existing condition will be resolved by a future event that may result in the impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability. Consistent with FASB ASC Topic 450-20, Accounting for Contingencies, a loss contingency should be accrued if (1) it is probable that a future event will confirm the impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, and (2) the amount is reasonably estimable. Examples of contingent liabilities are pending or threatened litigation and conditional asset retirement obligations (refer to paragraph 30.05 ). Districts should periodically conduct a review to determine if contingent liabilities exist that may require accrual. At a minimum, these accruals should be made at the end of every calendar quarter. Approval to accrue contingent liabilities must be obtained from the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Note: Information should be maintained on contingent liabilities that do not meet both tests required for establishing an accrual. This information may be required to be included in year-end footnote disclosures. 11.64 Accruals of Expenses for Employee Termination Programs (Involuntary/Voluntary) Reserve Bank's employee termination plans are accounted for based on FASB ASC Topic 712-10, which is more applicable to Federal Reserve System severance and termination benefit programs than either FASB ASC Topic 420-10 or FASB ASC Topic 712-10. FASB ASC Topic 712-10 essentially defines whether payments should be accrued over the benefiting period under FASB ASC Topic 710-10 or recognized in total when it is probable and estimable in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 450-20. Reserve Banks generally provide separation payments to employees based on years of service and employees have a general understanding that they will be provided with a severance benefit if they are terminated as part of a general downsizing. As a result, the separation payments are considered a standard post-employment benefit rather than a program solely limited to a particular event. Benefits also ‘accumulate' in that the amount of the payment increases based on years of service. Such a design is consistent with the FASB ASC Topic 710-10 concept that the payment is more related to past service rather than future service (as contemplated by FASB ASC Topic 420-10). Although these benefits do not vest, FASB ASC Topic 710-10 does allow for the accrual of nonvesting benefits when payment of that benefit is probable. Severance and termination benefits, including salary, Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) taxes, and other related expenses should be accrued when the criteria for accrual are met and not limited to when they are provided as part of a termination program. Involuntary program: If a Reserve Bank initiates an involuntary employee termination program, it must recognize the associated liability if the termination program is probable and the amounts are estimable. According to ASC 420-10-25-4, the probability test has been met when all four of the following conditions exist and have been communicated to the affected employees (communication date): "Management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan of termination. The plan identifies the number of employees to be terminated, their job classifications or functions and their locations, and the expected completion date. The plan establishes the terms of the benefit arrangement, including the benefits that employees will receive upon termination (including but not limited to cash payments), in sufficient detail to enable employees to determine the type and amount of benefits they will receive if they are involuntarily terminated. Actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn." The incremental cost associated with employees who add a year of service (1/2 month additional severance) between the communication date and the termination date should be recognized ratably over the period between the communication date and the service date rather than on the communication date. If the program requires an employee to work more than sixty days beyond notification in order to receive benefits, it may be necessary to accrue the liability over several periods. Voluntary plan: If a Reserve Bank initiates a voluntary (early retirement program) termination program, it must estimate and recognize the liability for the termination benefits when the following conditions exist: (1) the appropriate level of management has approved and committed to a program that allows employees to terminate employment, (2) employees have accepted the program and it is unlikely that the election will be changed, and (3) the period to complete the termination is not likely to change. Any incremental costs such as retention incentives associated with voluntary retirement programs, unlike the involuntary termination program, should be accrued in total when the employee accepts the offer. If the election window for the program falls within a calendar year, the accrual may be made at the end of the window period; however, if the window crosses year-end, Reserve Banks should accrue only costs that are associated with employees who have indicated acceptance of the program. Retention Benefits Incremental additional termination benefits provided to employees as a retention incentive should be accrued evenly over the period from the communication date to the termination date. For retention with multiple payouts, each payout should be accrued from communication date to the end of each retention period (i.e., payout date). Subsequent Adjustments to Accruals In periods after initial measurement (communication date), changes in the accrued liability due to revisions