a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government? Updated: 2/5/2024 A33: Defined contribution plans established by the federal government include the federal government’s Thrift Savings Plan and the Federal Reserve’s Thrift Plan. These plans are exempt from the prohibitions and requirements in section 1(a) and sections 2(a) through 2(d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals. This is consistent with the Office of Government Ethics’ approach to federal government retirement plans, which are exempt from financial conflicts of interest and financial disclosure requirements. Q34: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution and defined benefit plans sponsored by a covered individual’s prior employers, such as private companies, state and local governments, and non-profit entities? Updated: 2/5/2024 A34: Sections 1(c)(3) and section 2(g) of the Policy for Covered Individuals exempt from the investment and trading rules (i) any defined benefit retirement plan; and (ii) a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government . All defined benefit plans are exempt from the policy. Defined contribution plans sponsored by private sector, state and local government, and non-profit employers are not exempt from the policy. As such, the investment rules in section 1 and the trading rules in section 2 apply to those defined contribution plans. Q35: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution or defined benefit plans sponsored by employers in foreign countries? Updated: 2/5/2024 A35: All defined benefit plans are exempt from the Policy for Covered Individuals. However, the investment and trading restrictions in sections 1 and 2 apply to defined contribution plans established by any employer other than the federal government. This would include employers located outside the United States. Q36: Do the investment and trading rules apply to individual retirement accounts ("IRAs")? Updated: 2/5/2024 A36: Yes. The Policy for Covered Individuals applies to IRAs owned or controlled by covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children). Q37: Are loans from tax-exempt retirement accounts subject to the trading restrictions in section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 6/7/2024 A37: No. Retirement account loans are not required to be reported on financial disclosures and are limited by law to small amounts. Accordingly, these are not securities transactions subject to the Policy, and covered individuals are not required to obtain pre-clearance for loans from their retirement accounts or the repayment of those loans. Q38: My non-federal government defined contribution plan allows me to purchase assets that are impermissible under section 1 of the Policy for Covered Individuals. The plan also does not require one-year holding periods as required in section 2 of the policy. Am I required to follow the policy’s requirements for assets and transactions in that defined contribution plan? Updated: 2/5/2024 A38: Yes. The investment rules in section 1 and trading rules in section 2 of the policy apply to defined contribution retirement plans that are not sponsored by the federal government. Covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) are responsible for ensuring their compliance with the policy and for reporting transactions on applicable disclosure forms. XII. Derivative transactions Q39: Are diversified mutual funds and ETFs that hold some underlying derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A39: Generally, no. Diversified mutual funds and ETFs that do not have a stated policy of concentrating in derivative investments are permissible investments. Q40: Are mutual funds and ETFs that have a stated policy of concentrating in derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A40: Yes. Investment funds that have a stated policy of concentrating in derivative instruments are prohibited under the policy. Q41: How are commodity derivatives treated under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A41: Commodity derivatives are prohibited under the policy. Commodity derivatives fall under the definition of "derivative transaction." Section 1(a)(3) of the policy prohibits a covered individual (and their spouse and minor child) from being a counterparty to a derivative transaction. Additionally, funds that concentrate in commodity derivatives cannot be held. XIII. Financial market stress blackout period Q42: How will I be notified about the start or end of a financial market stress blackout period? Updated: 4/15/2022 A42: The Board's General Counsel will promptly notify covered individuals and Reserve Bank ethics officers about the beginning and end of a financial market stress period. Q43: May I submit an advance notice of a new trade after a financial market stress period is declared? Updated: 2/5/2024 A43: No. Section 2(c)(1)(iii)(B) prohibits covered individuals from submitting advance notices during a financial market stress period. Q44: Must I still execute a trade that received pre-clearance before the announcement of a financial market stress period, even if the proposed trade window inadvertently falls during the stress period? Updated: 2/5/2024 A44: Yes. Section 2(d)(1) of the Policy for Covered Individuals requires trades that received pre-clearance before the beginning of a financial market stress period to still be executed during the trade window that falls during the stress period. XIV. Foreign currencies Q45: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit holding shares of an international equity or bond fund or other diversified equity or bond funds with investments denominated in foreign currencies? Updated: 2/5/2024 A45: No. Q46: Is it permissible for me or my spouse to own a bank account in a foreign country or to own foreign currency? Updated: 6/72024 A46: Yes, in some cases. Covered individuals and their spouses may own or control foreign checking accounts and own foreign currency for noninvestment purposes. There is no fixed, quantitative limit on the amount of foreign currency that a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may hold, but foreign currency must be held only for noninvestment purposes. Therefore, covered individuals generally should not hold foreign currency in interest-bearing savings accounts or certificates of deposit or their foreign equivalents. Examples : Permitted noninvestment holdings of foreign currency include: Owning foreign currency in a checking account to pay mortgage, rent, or taxes on a personal residence in a foreign country. Owning foreign currency to facilitate travel in a