other purpose, are hereby authorized. Section 16 (¶2)—Any Federal Reserve bank may make application to the local Federal Reserve agent for such amount of the Federal Reserve notes hereinbefore provided for as it may require. Such application shall be accompanied with a tender to the local Federal Reserve agent of collateral in amount equal to the sum of the Federal Reserve notes thus applied for and issued pursuant to such application. Section 16 (¶4)—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall have the right, acting through the Federal Reserve agent, to grant in whole or in part, or to reject entirely the application of any Federal Reserve bank for Federal Reserve notes; but to the extent that such application may be granted the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, through its local Federal Reserve agent, supply Federal Reserve notes to the banks so applying, and such bank shall be charged with the amount of the notes issued to it. Section 16 (¶9)—When such notes have been prepared, the notes shall be delivered to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System subject to the order of the Secretary of the Treasury for the delivery of such notes in accordance with this Act. Section 16 (¶10)—The expenses necessarily incurred in executing the laws relating to the procuring of such notes, and all other expenses incidental to their issue and retirement, shall be paid by the Federal reserve banks, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall include in its estimate of expenses levied against the Federal reserve banks a sufficient amount to cover the expenses herein provided for. Section 10 (¶3)—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall have power to levy semiannually upon the Federal reserve banks, in proportion to their capital stock and surplus, an assessment sufficient to pay its estimated expenses and the salaries of its members and employees for the half year succeeding the levying of such assessments, together with any deficit carried forward from the preceding half year. These provisions establish that the Board is responsible for approving issuance of notes to the Reserve Banks, supplying notes to the Reserve Banks, and assessing the Reserve Banks for the expenses incurred in procuring notes. Section 10 of the Act addresses the general approach to the Board's assessment of expenses. Discussion The BEP's practice of invoicing costs on a per-unit basis is not specified in the Federal Reserve Act. Presumably, this convention was developed as a mechanism for systematically charging to the Board its costs related to producing notes. The Federal Reserve Act requires that the Reserve Banks bear the ultimate costs incurred to procure Federal Reserve notes through the Board's assessment mechanism. (Federal Reserve Act Section 16 ¶10). The Board's assessment on the Banks provides the Board with sufficient resources to fund its operations, including the expenses related to procuring notes. The assessment is similar to a tax because it is a statutory obligation, and it is not based on a contractual relationship between the Reserve Banks and the Board. The assessments levied on individual Reserve Banks are not based on which District's notes were produced in that period. Neither the Board nor the Reserve Banks have regarded the printing costs of notes held at the Fed vault to be assets, such as inventory or prepaid expenses. This is because the Act describes the costs of procuring notes as expenses (Federal Reserve Act Section 16 ¶10). The Board does not regard the notes delivered to the Fed vault to be assets because it does not believe the costs represent a future economic benefit as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6. 3 While the Board may control the Reserve Banks' access to the notes, the costs incurred to produce the notes do not result in net cash inflows to the Board. The Reserve Banks do not control access to the Federal Reserve notes until such time as they are shipped from the BEP. Another reason that the Reserve Banks do not consider the assessments to be assets is because the costs do not result in future net cash inflows but, rather are an expense related to carrying out activities that constitute the Banks' ongoing major or central operations, as described in Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6. 4 Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6 recognizes that the character of expenses depends on the nature of the operations involved. Because the Reserve Banks' payment of currency printing costs is an assessment, it is most accurately treated as an expense item similar to other Board assessments, which is also consistent with the provisions of the Federal Reserve Act. The assessments are similar to a tax levied on the Banks by the Board. Based on the Federal Reserve Act provisions and the discussion of assets and expenses in Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6, treatment of the assessment for the costs to procure Federal Reserve notes as a period expense is appropriate. Other Considerations Consideration might be given to treating the costs to procure notes as debt issuance cost. Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6 discusses debt issue cost as follows: "Debt issue cost…is either an expense or a reduction of the related debt liability. Debt issue cost is not an asset for the same reason that debt discount is not—it provides no future economic benefit. Debt issue cost in effect reduces the proceeds of borrowing and increases the effective interest rate and thus may be accounted for the same as debt discount. However, debt issue cost may also be considered an expense of the period of borrowing." We do not believe that the note printing costs are debt issuance costs. Federal Reserve notes differ from typical debt instruments because they are non-interest bearing in a traditional sense and have no stated term. The printing costs do not reduce the proceeds of the Bank's liability related to outstanding Federal Reserve notes and, therefore,