benefits when the following conditions exist: (1) the appropriate level of management has approved and committed to a program that allows employees to terminate employment, (2) employees have accepted the program and it is unlikely that the election will be changed, and (3) the period to complete the termination is not likely to change. Any incremental costs such as retention incentives associated with voluntary retirement programs, unlike the involuntary termination program, should be accrued in total when the employee accepts the offer. If the election window for the program falls within a calendar year, the accrual may be made at the end of the window period; however, if the window crosses year-end, Reserve Banks should accrue only costs that are associated with employees who have indicated acceptance of the program. Retention Benefits Incremental additional termination benefits provided to employees as a retention incentive should be accrued evenly over the period from the communication date to the termination date. For retention with multiple payouts, each payout should be accrued from communication date to the end of each retention period (i.e., payout date). Subsequent Adjustments to Accruals In periods after initial measurement (communication date), changes in the accrued liability due to revisions in either the timing or amount of the estimated benefit payments should be recognized as an increase or decrease to the same expense line items as when the liability was initially recognized. For example, if employees to be involuntarily terminated leave prior to the payment date (either within or outside the Bank), the liability recognized by the Bank for termination benefits should be reduced, this reduction would result in a credit to expense for that period. Consistent with the current practice of adjusting accruals for compensated absences, Reserve Banks should adjust these accounts whenever there is a significant event, such as the close of a window period. If current interest rates are low and the time period is relatively short, the difference between present value calculations and the nominal value should be immaterial. Therefore, in order to minimize complexity, cost, and opportunity for error, nominal values should be used for estimates of cash flows less than or equal to five years. Retirement Related Benefits (Pension and Medical) In general, the enhanced pension benefits will be treated as an amendment to the retirement plan and accounted for in accordance with FASB Topic ASC Topic 715-30 on the FRBNY's financial statements based on the actuarial valuation. RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section and OEB staff within the FRBA should coordinate an evaluation of whether the magnitude of the terminations and retirements System-wide is large enough to require curtailment accounting near year-end. The effect of employee terminations on the accounting for retiree medical plans will differ depending on the number and tenure of employees terminated. If the number and tenure of terminated employees is sufficient to significantly reduce the expected years of future service of the active participants (terminated employees are considered active participants for this test), then a curtailment exists. In general, the System has viewed reductions of less than five percent as not significant for curtailment purposes and reductions of ten percent or greater as significant. The impact of curtailments varies depending on the nature of each Reserve Bank's retiree medical program. In general, reductions in staff result in curtailment gains. If, however, a Reserve Bank had a substantial amount of unrecognized prior service costs or unrecognized actuarial loss, a curtailment could result in a curtailment loss. Curtailment losses are recognized when probable and estimable (communication date), curtailment gains are recognized when employees terminate. Given the complexity involved with these programs related to the timing of expense accruals, Reserve Banks should contact RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for guidance when considering such plans. 11.66 Accruals for Self-Insured Medical and Dental Expenses A liability must be recognized for the amount of medical and dental claims that have been incurred but not paid. A claim has been incurred when the event (e.g., medical treatment) that precipitates future payouts has occurred. The amount of this liability should reflect an estimate of the amount that will be paid, ultimately, by the Bank (net of stop-loss insurance, if the Bank maintains such coverage). It is not appropriate to maintain a "reserve" for claims that may be incurred in the future. Any funds related to the provision of self-insured medical and dental expenses that are held on deposit by claims administrators should be reflected separately as an asset of the Bank, rather than as an offset to the accrued self-insured medical and dental liability. A District is considered to be self-insured unless the insurance carrier bears 100 percent of the risk of loss due to shortfalls between claims and premiums. The liability reflected should be an estimate of the actual amounts of claims incurred but not paid. In order to maintain consistency among Reserve Bank estimates, a standard approach to this estimate has been adopted. The year-end liability should be based on the prior years' experience adjusted for current trends in claims. To establish a "subsequent claims ratio," determine the amount of claims paid in the current year that were incurred in the prior year (run-out claims) and divide this amount by the total claims paid in the prior year. This ratio should then be applied to the most recent 12 months of payments data available to obtain the amount of the liability. For the consolidated plans, OEB will make this estimate on a Systemwide basis and allocate differences based on each Bank's funding rate. Exceptional circumstances (e.g., a change in claims administrator or plan design changes) may exist that would lead to a material misstatement of this liability if additional adjustments were not made. In such situations, the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section should be contacted for approval of an appropriate alternative estimation methodology. Special Considerations: Remember that medical payments and accruals for retirees and individuals on long-term disability are covered under FASB ASC Topic 715-60 and FASB ASC Topic 712-10,