Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Chapter 4. System Open Market Account 40.01 General The FRBNY has been authorized and directed by the FOMC to execute open-market transactions on behalf of the Reserve Banks. The FRBNY holds the resulting securities and agreements in the SOMA. U.S. Treasury, federal agency, and GSE debt securities, Federal agency and GSE MBS, investments denominated in foreign currencies and commitments to buy or sell related securities, comprising the SOMA are recorded at amortized cost, on a settlement-date basis. Rather than using the fair value presentation, amortized cost more appropriately reflects the Bank's securities holdings given the System's unique responsibility to conduct monetary policy. Differences between fair value and amortized cost have no direct effect on the quantity of reserves available to the banking system, or on the ability of the Reserve Banks, as the central bank, to meet their financial obligations and responsibilities. Accounting for securities held in the SOMA on a settlement-date basis better reflects the timing of the transaction's effect on the quantity of reserves in the banking system. 1 The cost bases of Treasury securities, GSE debt securities, and foreign government debt instruments are adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts on an effective interest method. Both the domestic and foreign components of the SOMA portfolio may involve transactions that result in gains or losses when holdings are sold prior to maturity. Decisions regarding securities and foreign currency transactions, including their purchase and sale, are motivated by monetary policy and financial stability objectives rather than profit. Accordingly, market values, earnings, and any gains or losses resulting from the sale of such securities and currencies are incidental to the open market operations and do not motivate decisions related to policy or open market activities. The Reserve Banks do not present a statement of cash flows because their liquidity and cash position do not affect their ability to meet their financial obligations and responsibilities. The financial statement footnote disclosures, however, include cash flow information for significant categories of Reserve Bank activities, such as open market operations, lending, and capital expenditures. Profit motivated entities provide a cash flow statement to disclose their ability to generate future cash flows and thus the ability to meet their obligations. This does not represent a risk to the Reserve Banks. 40.10 U.S. Treasury, Federal Agency, and GSE Debt Securities These securities are held in the SOMA at the FRBNY with premiums and discounts recorded separately and amortized (accreted) using the effective interest method. Earnings are accrued daily to the interest accrued account (see paragraph 40.60 ) and all realized gains and losses are determined by specific issue based on average cost. These assets and related income and the associated gains and losses are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.13 Federal Agency and GSE MBS Outright Purchases and Sales MBS are held in the SOMA portfolio at the FRBNY. Interest income on Federal agency and GSE MBS is accrued using the effective interest method and includes amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts, and paydown gains or losses. The premiums and discounts related to Federal agency and GSE MBS are amortized over the term of the security to stated maturity, and the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are accelerated when principal payments are received. Paydown gains and losses represent the difference between the principal amount paid and the amortized cost basis of the related security. Earnings are accrued daily to the interest accrued account (see paragraph 40.60 ) and all realized gains and losses are determined by specific issue based on average cost. These assets, related income, and the associated gains and losses are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) MBS Commitments MBS commitments can result from outright purchases or sales of Federal agency and GSE MBS, and from MBS dollar roll and coupon swap transactions. MBS transactions may be executed as specified pools or "to-be-announced" (TBA) transactions. TBA transactions are agreements between a buyer and a seller with regards to type of security, coupon, face value, price, and settlement date; however, the actual pools and characteristics of the underlying mortgage collateral are not known until allocation day. Allocation day is two business days before settlement date. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association releases a monthly schedule that indicates specific days that settlement is expected to occur. The FRBNY requires the posting of cash collateral for commitments as part of the risk management practices used to mitigate counterparty risk, and the resulting cash collateral held by the FRBNY is recorded in Federal Agency MBS Related Liabilities account. (See paragraph 11.94 .) Interest expense on the margin balance held for TBA exposure is calculated daily and recorded monthly. Counterparties to MBS commitment transactions incur a daily charge when they fail to deliver the securities on settlement date. The fails charge is calculated daily and accrued monthly. The margin expense and fails charge are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio on a monthly basis. (See paragraph 40.70 .) Dollar Roll Transactions A dollar roll is a transaction in which the investor sells or purchases MBS or