360-day year) and accumulate in this account from one payment date until the next. The total amount of the daily accrual is debited to Dividends Accrued (330-175), representing a deduction from current net earnings, and credited to Accrued Dividends Unpaid as the liability for dividends due but unpaid. Effective January 1, 2016, Section 7(a) of the Federal Reserve Act was amended by the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act (FAST Act), which revised the per annum dividend rate for member banks with consolidated total assets of more than $10 billion (large member banks) to the lesser of the rate equal to the high yield of the 10-year Treasury note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of such dividend, and 6 percent. 6 The per annum dividend rate for member banks with $10 billion or less of total consolidated assets (small member banks) remains at 6 percent. The accrual of dividends is based on the following rates: For large member banks, the per annum dividend rate paid to large member banks at the last semiannual dividend payment date. For small member banks, a per annum dividend rate of 6 percent. The amount to be accrued daily should be obtained by multiplying the applicable per annum dividend rate by the Reserve Bank's paid-in capital stock from member banks, and dividing the result by 360 days (representing the standard number of days in each annual period). Dividend accruals are computed on the total of such capital paid-in as of the opening of business that day (close of business previous day). No accrual should be made on the last day of months with 31 days, and extra accruals will be required on the last day of February. Accruals for a non-business day should be made on the succeeding business day except when a non-business day is a month-end or a Wednesday. In these cases, the accruals should be included in the previous business day provided the non-business day(s) are of the same month. When the non-business days are in different months, the accrual for the non-business days should be split appropriately between the previous and subsequent days. In lieu of accruing dividends daily, accruals may be made as of each Wednesday and the last business day of the month (excluding the 31st day of any month). Because the dividend rate paid to large member banks at the semiannual dividend payment date will differ from the rate used for daily accruals, an adjustment to the accrual account will be required, equal to the difference between dividends accrued and the amount actually paid. Banks become members of and withdraw from the System at various times during an accrual period and others may subscribe to additional capital or reduce their holdings of capital between semiannual dividend payment dates. Regulation I, Issuance and Cancellation of Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock, describes the calculation for dividend payments when a member bank increases or decreases its capital paid-in. 7 The accounting for dividend accruals resulting from changes in capital paid-in that occur between semiannual dividend payment dates are described as follows: Banks becoming members and increases in stock subscriptions —In these instances the stock is issued, and the member bank's account at the Reserve Bank (or its correspondent's account at the Reserve Bank) is charged for the amount of the accrued stock dividends from the last dividend payment date through the issuance date. Small member banks continue to accrue stock dividends on a per annum rate of 6 percent. The amount charged for accrued stock dividends for large member banks, as defined in section 7(a) of the Federal Reserve Act, shall be based on the dividend rate paid to large member banks at the last semiannual dividend payment date. The corresponding credit is recorded to the accrued Dividends Unpaid account. At the end of the period, the member bank is paid dividends based on the holding period of the stock. Because the rates used to compute accrued dividends on interim transactions and the amount of the dividend to be paid on the semiannual dividend date will generally differ, the accrued dividend account requires adjustment at the semiannual dividend payment date. Banks withdrawing from membership and decreases in stock subscriptions —A bank withdrawing from membership is paid accrued dividends upon actual cancellation of stock or at the effective date of stock cancellation (as explained in Regulation I) rather than at the regular dividend payment date. When a small member bank withdraws from membership or decreases its stock subscription, the Reserve Bank must pay accrued dividends at a per annum rate of 6 percent. When a large member bank withdraws from membership or decreases its stock subscription, the Reserve Bank must pay accrued dividends at a per annum rate equal to the high yield of most recent 10-year Treasury note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of such dividend. On the day dividends are credited to the member bank's account at the Reserve Bank (or its correspondent's account at the Reserve Bank), a corresponding summary debit is made to Accrued Dividends Unpaid that will eliminate the previously accrued account balance. Because the dividend rate paid to large member banks at the effective date of the withdrawal or decrease in stock subscriptions will differ from the rate used for daily accruals, an adjustment to the accrual account (240-025) and dividend account (330-175) will be required, equal to the difference between dividends accrued and the amount actually paid. 11.51 Unearned Discount (240-050) This account includes unearned discount on acceptances and, although rare, the discount on any loans under paragraph 3 of Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act . 11.52 Discount on Securities (240-075) Discount on securities represents the amount paid under the face value for securities in the System Open Market Account, excluding foreign denominated investments. The face value is recorded in the asset account for securities. On the date of purchase, the amount of the discount is credited to this account. The cost bases of