the same over the years with only minor departures for special circumstances. Prior to 1922, for example, several offices were authorized to charge larger amounts of depreciation against earnings because of inflated construction costs during and after World War I, and in 1922 FRB-Minneapolis was authorized to write off $500,000 to reduce the book value of its quarters to the approximate market value. In 1995, the Federal Reserve Banks began recognizing impairment losses consistent with FASB ASC Topic 840-30, which was superseded by FASB ASC Topic 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Accordingly, write-downs of property and equipment occur periodically as a result of adjusting assets to their estimated fair values. (See paragraph 30.95 .) Prior to 1996, construction costs for improvements or additions to a building were capitalized as part of the original building only if the addition or improvement significantly increased the useful life of the building beyond the current depreciation schedule or added functionality or space, in accordance with GAAP. In practice, ensuring accounting consistency for large improvement projects became burdensome, especially as some buildings approached the end of their initial useful lives. Since 1996, improvements to existing buildings are evaluated, capitalized, and depreciated as separate assets as a practical expedient. Accordingly, underlying asset values are not adjusted for capitalized improvements regardless of when the underlying asset was acquired. Improvement assets and accumulated depreciation, however, are adjusted if replaced or modified by a subsequent capitalized improvement and charged to depreciation expense. Two fixed asset policy changes were implemented in 2021 to align with standard accounting practices in parallel with the implementation of a new financial system: elimination of pooled accounting for furniture, furnishings, and fixtures; and elimination of the separate Building Machinery and Equipment account. The pooled asset method is described in paragraphs 30.47 and 30.55 – 30.58 . The separate Building Machinery and Equipment (160-075) asset account was used to account for stand-alone or supplemental equipment with a shorter expected life than the building but that would remain as part of a building upon its sale or abandonment by the Reserve Bank. Existing Building Machinery and Equipment assets were moved to Furniture and Equipment, and any new Building Machinery and Equipment type assets will be booked as Furniture and Equipment. Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations (FASB ASC Topic 410-20) requires recording an asset and related liability for conditional asset retirement obligations, such as the legal obligation associated with the retirement of long-lived tangible assets. Accounting for Environmental Obligations (FASB ASC 410-30) provides guidance on accounting for environmental remediation liabilities and discusses expense or capitalization treatment. Application of these standards can be complex, and Reserve Bank staff must obtain approval (including for asbestos abatement) from the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section prior to making any accounting entries. 30.06 Publication of Property and Equipment Information Property and equipment information is published weekly, monthly and annually in various publications as described in paragraphs 60.15 , 60.20 , and 60.35 . A detailed table showing costs and net book values, by office, for land and buildings, construction, and other real estate also appears in the Board's Annual Report . 1 30.10 Land This account includes all expenditures to acquire a site (such as purchase price, closing costs, and attorney/recording fees), and costs to prepare a site for construction (such as the removal of existing structures, draining, filling, and clearing). 2 The account should be debited when property is purchased for immediate Bank use or when a property that was previously carried in Other Real Estate is approved for construction. Land is carried on the Reserve Bank's books at cost and is not depreciated. If the property includes a building or other structure which is intended to be used for banking purposes, the portion to be charged to Land should be based on the assigned value in the purchase document or, in the absence of such specific information, on the appraised value. When appraised values are used and are different from the purchase price, the cost should be distributed on a pro-rata basis in the same proportion as the value of Land and Building bears to total appraised value. If the purchased property includes a building or other structure, which is to be razed, the entire purchase price should be allocated to this account. The cost of removing such structures should be charged to this account and the proceeds from the sale of salvaged materials should be credited. Incidental costs of demolishing the building (such as liability insurance, measures taken to maintain adjacent property during operation, reinforcement of walls of adjacent buildings, other repairs made for safety, and reconnection or construction of sewers) should also be included in this account. 30.15 Land Improvements The Land Improvements account is used to record costs incurred for capital land improvements which have limited lives (e.g., sidewalks, fountains, and fences). Land improvements that cost $100,000 or more must be capitalized. The Land Improvements account is reported as a sub-account to Land. The allowance for depreciation for land improvements is reported as a sub-account to the bank premises allowance for depreciation. The cost of each improvement should be recorded in a subsidiary ledger within the Land Improvements sub-account and depreciated over its own unique estimated useful life. Depreciation is recorded by debiting depreciation expense and crediting Accumulated Depreciation for Land Improvements. The maximum useful life for land improvements is 20 years. 30.20 Building This account is used to record costs of acquiring or constructing a building to be used by the Bank. The cost of a building should include all expenditures related directly to its acquisition or construction. Generally, all costs incurred, beginning with excavation through completion of construction, are considered part of the building costs. The cost of the building should not include the cost of land, land improvements, or fixed machinery and equipment. This account should be charged when a building is purchased for immediate Bank use or when the Construction account is closed upon completion of a