Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Chapter 3. Property and Equipment 30.01 General This chapter discusses property and equipment accounts. These accounts consist of the four accounts listed in the Bank Premises section of the FR 34 balance sheet, the Furniture and Equipment account and its related allowance for depreciation account, and the Other Real Estate account listed in the Other Assets section of the FR 34. This chapter also gives instructions concerning leasehold improvements and software which are discussed in Deferred Charges (see also paragraph 4.20 ). Property and equipment, also referred to as fixed assets, are used in the production and distribution of services by all Federal Reserve Banks. Fixed assets have three primary characteristics: Acquired and held for use in operations (i.e., not held for sale). Long-term in nature (greater than one year). Possess physical substance. Generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) generally requires fixed assets to be recorded at their cost, including all normal expenditures to bring the asset to a location and condition for its intended use. Full acquisition cost for fixed assets (except software—see appendix D ) includes all expenditures necessary to bring the asset to a location and condition in which it is usable for the purpose intended. Acquisition cost includes the following: installation costs assembly freight warehousing insurance taxes Full acquisition cost should also include trade-in allowances (i.e., the amount capitalized when an asset is traded-in for a new asset should equal the cash outlay for the new asset plus the lesser of (1) the net book value of the asset traded-in or (2) the allowance provided for the trade-in. Further information on trade-ins is found in paragraph 30.90 ). The capitalized cost of equipment should include installation and/or integration costs incurred. This may include consultant expense (including associated travel) for contractors and/or internal salary, benefits, and travel expenses incurred by staff who are directly involved with the installation project; and the initial programming and software as part of the integration cost, if the programming and/or software is an integral part of the equipment and the equipment cannot function without it. Internal use computer software with an acquisition cost of $100,000 or greater should be capitalized as a deferred charge. (See paragraph 4.20 for further information.) The capitalized cost of an asset is written off periodically, or depreciated, in a manner that is systematic and rational after consideration of any salvage values (see paragraph 30.75 ). Allocating the cost of a long-lived asset over the accounting periods which the asset is used matches its cost with revenue generated throughout its useful life. The Federal Reserve System uses the straight-line method for depreciating fixed assets. In general, assets should be capitalized using the individual asset method, which is based on the individual asset unit. Asset units should be readily identifiable (subject to verification of existence without disassembly) and provide economic benefit through distinct, substantive functionality. Thus, in some instances, an asset may be an integrated unit made up of components that individually do not provide functionality without connection to the other components. Prior to 2021 an alternate method of capitalization, the pooled method, was used when capitalizing furniture, furnishings, and fixtures. Beginning in 2021, furniture, furnishings, and fixtures will have a capitalization threshold applied to the individual asset level. The pooled method may still be used to capitalize a bulk purchase of low-cost furniture or equipment (depreciation should begin once the assets are put into service), at the Reserve Bank's option, when the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section has been notified. The pooled asset method is described in paragraphs 30.47 and 30.55 – 30.58 . All other paragraphs relate to individual asset accounting. The useful lives and capitalization thresholds discussed in the following paragraphs reflect minimum accounting requirements for Reserve Banks. Based on local experience or practice, Reserve Banks may establish policies authorizing shorter useful lives or lower capitalization thresholds. Such policies must be in writing, applied consistently within the District, and provided as information to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 30.05 Historical Information The accounting rules for capitalizing and depreciating property and equipment have remained the same over the years with only minor departures for special circumstances. Prior to 1922, for example, several offices were authorized to charge larger amounts of depreciation against earnings because of inflated construction costs during and after World War I, and in 1922 FRB-Minneapolis was authorized to write off $500,000 to reduce the book value of its quarters to the approximate market value. In 1995, the Federal Reserve Banks began recognizing impairment losses consistent with FASB ASC Topic 840-30, which was superseded by FASB ASC Topic 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Accordingly, write-downs of property and equipment occur periodically as a result of adjusting assets to their estimated fair values. (See paragraph 30.95 .) Prior to 1996, construction costs for improvements or additions to a building were capitalized as part of the original building only if the addition or improvement significantly increased the useful life of the building beyond the current depreciation schedule or added functionality or space, in accordance with GAAP. In practice, ensuring accounting consistency for large improvement projects became burdensome, especially as some buildings approached the end of their initial useful lives. Since 1996, improvements to existing buildings are evaluated, capitalized, and