by the board. [12 USC 358. As amended by acts of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 754); June 21, 1917 (40 Stat. 235); April 7, 1941 (55 Stat. 131).] Purchase and sale of acceptances of Federal Intermediate Credit Banks (f) To purchase and sell in the open market, either from or to domestic banks, firms, corporations, or individuals, acceptances of Federal Intermediate Credit Banks and of National Agricultural Credit Corporations, whenever the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall declare that the public interest so requires. [12 USC 359. As added by act of March 4, 1923 (42 Stat. 1480).] Relationships and transactions with foreign banks and bankers (g) The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall exercise special supervision over all relationships and transactions of any kind entered into by any Federal reserve bank with any foreign bank or banker, or with any group of foreign banks or bankers, and all such relationships and transactions shall be subject to such regulations, conditions, and limitations as the Board may prescribe. No officer or other representative of any Federal reserve bank shall conduct negotiations of any kind with the officers or representatives of any foreign bank or banker without first obtaining the permission of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall have the right, in its discretion, to be represented in any conference or negotiations by such representative or representatives as the Board may designate. A full report of all conferences or negotiations, and all understandings or agreements arrived at or transactions agreed upon, and all other material facts appertaining to such conferences or negotiations, shall be filed with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in writing by a duly authorized officer of each Federal reserve bank which shall have participated in such conferences or negotiations. [12 USC 348a. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 181).] Back to Top Last Update: March 13, 2017 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551