possible and applied to current expense effective in the month following when at least 50 percent of the Reserve Bank's staff is operating from the new quarters. Any adjustments for over or under estimates of depreciation, as may be determined when the Construction account is closed and final figures for Building and Equipment are capitalized, should be adjusted to current expense in the current month. For all fixed assets (except software) reported on the balance sheet, depreciation starts the month following when the fixed asset is placed into service. Depreciation is recorded by debiting current expense and crediting the related allowance for depreciation on the balance sheet. Thus, the amount of accumulated depreciation reported on the balance sheet represents the sum of the individual depreciation charges for each asset that have been recorded in the subsidiary accounts of the Bank. Assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis. The depreciable basis of an asset is its acquisition cost less its estimated salvage value. The formula for calculating the straight-line method of depreciation is as follows: Cost less Salvage Value/Estimated Useful Life (in months) = Monthly Depreciation Charge Depreciation should continue until the asset is fully depreciated or disposed. At the end of an asset's estimated useful life, the asset's net book value should equal its salvage value and depreciation should be discontinued. Depreciation on impaired assets should continue until the Reserve Bank ceases the operations for which the asset is used. Assets that are held for sale are reclassified to other real estate and depreciation ceases. The asset and related allowance for depreciation should not be removed from the balance sheet until the asset is retired or disposed, even if the net book value of the asset is zero. (See paragraph 30.95 .) Appropriate subsidiary records, reflecting the original acquisition cost, the cost of any improvements, and allowance for depreciation balance should be maintained in all cases. Land, artwork, and assets held for sale or future use are not depreciated. 30.76 Depreciation Rate and Salvage Value Table 30.78 provides information for establishing useful lives and salvage values for the types of assets described within this chapter. Similar assets, within an asset category, that have the same useful lives may be grouped for depreciation purposes, as long as memorandum records are maintained detailing the original charges to the account by piece of equipment. It should be noted that Table 30.78 provides parameters within which the Reserve Bank may determine the appropriate depreciation schedule for assets. It should not be viewed as an indication of rates that are automatically to be assigned to new or used equipment. If a Reserve Bank has a special case where the documented useful life or salvage value of an asset exceeds the guidelines set forth, a request, with substantiating documentation, should be sent to the Manager of the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for review and approval. A Reserve Bank may utilize a lesser useful life or salvage value than the guidelines listed without Board notification with the exception of the bank building (excluding improvements). The depreciation rate should be based on the expected unique useful life to the Reserve Bank, taking into account such factors as probable technological obsolescence and projected capacity limitations consistent with the Bank's long-range procurement plans, industry information, and improvements. The salvage value assigned to an asset should reflect the Reserve Bank's expected recovery upon sale or trade-in of the asset. Assessments of the useful life and salvage value of all assets, excluding building but including Building Improvements and Equipment should be reviewed annually, at a minimum. Should the Reserve Bank note a change in the expected remaining useful life or salvage value of the asset, the depreciation rate should be adjusted prospectively such that the remaining net book value is depreciated to the estimated salvage value over the expected remaining useful life of the asset. 30.78 Maximum Useful Lives and Salvage Values Table Maximum Useful Lives and Salvage Values Asset Classification Maximum Estimated Useful Life 1 Maximum Estimated Salvage Value Land Improvements 20 years 0 Building 50 years 0 Improvements Unique life or remaining life of building Equipment: Computing equipment (other than PCs) As determined by Reserve Bank (see 30.76 ) (See paragraph 30.76 ) Operating equipment 6 years 10 percent PCs 3 years for standard technology; 4 years for state-of-the-art technology 0 Automotive Equipment (including vans & minivans) 5 years 20 percent Furniture, Furnishings, and Fixtures 10 years 0 Software 5 years 0 Implementation Costs for Cloud Computing Arrangement that does not contain a software license Non-cancellable term of the hosting arrangement and any optional renewal periods reasonably certain to be exercised 0 Leasehold and Tenant Improvements Shorter of the non-cancelable lease term or unique useful life of the asset 0 1. The Division of Reserve Bank Operations and Payment Systems has assigned specific maximum estimated useful lives to the following assets: Ten (10) year useful life, zero salvage value (1) Unisys check processing equipment and (2) currency storage containers. Fifteen (15) year useful life: (1) High speed currency equipment, currency disintegrators and incinerators, and high density filing systems. (2) Offset printing presses, and (3) automated guided vehicles. Twenty (20) year estimated useful life: (1) Uninterruptable power systems. (2) Materials handling systems. (3) Building Machinery and Equipment type assets. Twenty five (25) year estimated useful life: Solar water heat. Forty (40) year estimated useful life: Solar vent preheat. Note: Peripheral equipment that is expected to have the same useful life as a mainframe computer should be depreciated over the life of the mainframe. However, if the useful life of such equipment is projected to be different from that of the computer, the equipment may be depreciated over a different period provided the equipment is not dedicated to, or an integral part of, the mainframe. Return to table 30.80 Leases A lease is defined as an agreement conveying the right to use property, plant, or equipment (land and/or depreciable assets) usually for a stated period of time. A contract