the loss calculation for each differs. For example, For nonrecourse loans, this calculation should be based on the underlying collateral of the individual loan rather than the loan counterparty, because the pledged collateral is the only source of recovery in the event of the borrower's default on the loan. For recourse loans, this calculation should be based on the credit quality of the loan counterparty as well as the underlying collateral, because the Bank can recover by liquidating the underlying collateral as well as from the borrower itself. For some loan programs, there may be insufficient historical loss experience to use to estimate the PD and LGD. Alternatives methods include default and recovery rates based on historical studies of similar loans, as applicable; and default and recovery rates based on structured finance rating or corporate default study (e.g., S&P, Moody's) The Bank should also consider factors that might cause the loss experience for the current loan portfolio to differ from historical experience or from a comparison to other default and recovery rates, such as current market conditions, credit concentration, extraordinary portfolio characteristics, other environmental factors, asset-specific risk characteristics, and expectations of future market conditions. Subsequent Measurement Subsequent to the initial measurement of an impairment, if there is a significant change in the amount or timing of the expected future cash flows of an impaired loan, the Bank should recalculate the impairment by applying the principles described above and adjust the valuation allowance. If using the pooling methodology for estimating credit losses, an evaluation of whether the loans in the collective pool continue to exhibit similar risk characteristics with others in the pool should be performed. If the Bank measures impairment based on the fair value of the collateral of an impaired nonrecourse loan, it should adjust the valuation allowance if there is a significant change in either the fair value of the collateral at measurement date or expectations of the future fair value of the collateral over the life of the loan. The net carrying amount of the loan should at no time exceed the recorded investment in the loan. Periodic evaluations should be performed, but no less than quarterly. When performing the review, the Bank should evaluate whether the actual amount and timing of cash flows received from the borrower are consistent with the Bank's previous expectations. The review should take into account any information, events, or other developments as of the reporting date that may affect the Bank's previous estimate of impairment. 81.04 Recording Credit Losses and Charge-Offs Recording the Credit Loss If the estimated realizable amount of a pool of homogenous loans or a specific loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan(s), the Bank should recognize the credit loss by creating a valuation allowance with a corresponding charge to bad debt expense account or by adjusting an existing valuation allowance for the loans with a corresponding charge or credit to bad debt expense account. The valuation allowance should be recorded to FR 34 Account 145-360, Allowance for Credit Losses (credit); the expense provision should be recorded to Account 330-080, Provision for Credit Loss Expense (debit). The amount of the required valuation allowance is equal to the difference between the loan's impaired value (expected realizable value) and the recorded investment. The required charge or credit to bad debt expense is equal to the difference between the required valuation allowance and any existing valuation allowance related to that loan. The recorded investment in the loan includes the outstanding loan balance (net of any charge-offs), accrued interest, deferred loan fees or costs, and unamortized premium or discount. The net carrying amount of the loan is equal to the recorded investment in the loan less the valuation allowance, or the impaired value. When the Bank determines that a portion of the loan or the entire loan will be uncollectable, the recorded investment in the loan is written down by recording a charge-off against the loan and the valuation allowance. In no circumstances should the net carrying amount of the loan exceed the recorded investment in the loan. The allowance for credit losses on either a homogeneous pool of loans or individual loans, both evaluated under FASB ASC Topic 326-20, effectively adjusts the loan portfolio or individual loan to its realizable value. Recoveries on previously charged-off amounts will reduce this allowance account. Charge-Offs When the loans become uncollectible, a charge-off will be recorded by reducing both loan balance (credit) and allowance for credit losses (debit). If the previously recorded valuation allowance is not sufficient to cover the charge-off, the difference should be recognized as an adjustment to the bad debt expense (debit) and allowance for credit losses (credit) in the current period. 81.05 Interest Income Recognition Accrual of Interest on Impaired Loans When the Bank does not have a reasonable expectation of collection of all or some of the amounts due, including both the contractual interest and principal payments under the loan agreement, the individual loan is considered to be impaired and the accrual of interest income on that loan should be suspended. The recognition of interest income based on the contractual terms of the loan agreement should be discontinued while the loan is considered impaired because any such interest will not be earned (i.e., the Bank does not expect to collect all of the interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement). Subsequent Payments on Impaired Loans Two accounting practices exist for recording cash payments that are periodically received on the impaired loans: the cash basis method and the modified cost recovery method. The Banks should apply the modified cost recovery method to recover the investment in the loan prior to recognizing interest income, unless contract terms specify treatment. This method is more conservative because it defers income recognition until the principal is recovered. Cash Basis Method Under the cash basis method, payments of interest received are recorded as interest income provided the amount does not exceed that which would have been earned