full term for which he was appointed. Upon the expiration of the term of any appointive member of the Federal Reserve Board in office on the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, the President shall fix the term of the successor to such member at not to exceed fourteen years, as designated by the President at the time of nomination, but in such manner as to provide for the expiration of the term of not more than one member in any two-year period, and thereafter each member shall hold office for a term of fourteen years from the expiration of the term of his predecessor, unless sooner removed for cause by the President. Of the persons thus appointed, 1 shall be designated by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to serve as Chairman of the Board for a term of 4 years, and 2 shall be designated by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to serve as Vice Chairmen of the Board, each for a term of 4 years, 1 of whom shall serve in the absence of the Chairman, as provided in the fourth undesignated paragraph of this section, and 1 of whom shall be designated Vice Chairman for Supervision. The Vice Chairman for Supervision shall develop policy recommendations for the Board regarding supervision and regulation of depository institution holding companies and other financial firms supervised by the Board, and shall oversee the supervision and regulation of such firms. The chairman of the Board, subject to its supervision, shall be its active executive officer. Each member of the Board shall within fifteen days after notice of appointment make and subscribe to the oath of office. Upon the expiration of their terms of office, members of the Board shall continue to serve until their successors are appointed and have qualified. Any person appointed as a member of the Board after the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935 shall not be eligible for reappointment as such member after he shall have served a full term of fourteen years. [12 USC 242. As amended by acts of March 3, 1919 (40 Stat. 1315); June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 620); June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 166); Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 704); November 16, 1977 (91 Stat. 1388); and act of July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 2126). The Banking Act of 1935, referred to in this paragraph, became effective Aug. 23, 1935. Prior to the enactment of that act, the chairman and vice chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System were known as the governor and vice governor of the Federal Reserve Board, respectively. See note to the third paragraph of section 1. The act of November 16, 1977, amended the second sentence of this paragraph. The amendment takes effect on Jan. 1, 1979, and applies to individuals who are designated by the President on or after such date to serve as chairman or vice chairman. The act of July 21, 2010, designated a new Vice Chairman for Supervision.] 3. Assessments on Federal reserve banks The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall have power to levy semiannually upon the Federal reserve banks, in proportion to their capital stock and surplus, an assessment sufficient to pay its estimated expenses and the salaries of its members and employees for the half year succeeding the levying of such assessments, together with any deficit carried forward from the preceding half year, and such assessments may include amounts sufficient to provide for the acquisition by the Board in its own name of such site or building in the District of Columbia as in its judgment alone shall be necessary for the purpose of providing suitable and adequate quarters for the performance of its functions. After September 1, 2000, the Board may also use such assessments to acquire, in its own name, a site or building (in addition to the facilities existing on such date) to provide for the performance of the functions of the Board. After approving such plans, estimates, and specifications as it shall have caused to be prepared, the Board may, notwithstanding any other provision of law, cause to be constructed on any site so acquired by it a building or buildings suitable and adequate in its judgment for its purposes and proceed to take all such steps as it may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with the construction, equipment, and furnishing of such building or buildings. The Board may maintain, enlarge, or remodel any building or buildings so acquired or constructed and shall have sole control of such building or buildings and space therein. [12 USC 243. As reenacted without change by act of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 621); and amended by acts of June 19, 1934 (48 Stat. 1108) and Dec. 27, 2000 (114 Stat. 3027). By act approved June 27, 1935 (49 Stat. 425), provision was made for the furnishing of steam from the central heating plant to the Federal Reserve Board, now the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.] 4. Principal offices; expenses; deposit of funds; members not to be officers or stockholders of banks The principal offices of the Board shall be in the District of Columbia. At meetings of the Board the chairman shall preside, and, in his absence, the vice chairman shall preside. In the absence of the chairman and the vice chairman, the board shall elect a member to act as chairman pro tempore. The Board shall determine and prescribe the manner in which its obligations shall be incurred and its disbursements and expenses allowed and paid, and may leave on deposit in the Federal Reserve banks the proceeds of assessments levied upon them to defray its estimated expenses and the salaries of its members and employees, whose employment, compensation, leave, and expenses shall be governed solely by the provisions of this Act, specific amendments thereof, and rules and