FRB: June 7, 2012 - Notice of Open Board Meeting(s) skip to main navigation skip to secondary navigation skip to content What's New · What's Next · Site Map · A-Z Index · Careers · RSS · All Videos · Current FAQs · Contact Us Search Advanced Search About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Banking Information & Regulation Payment Systems Economic Research & Data Consumer Information Community Development Reporting Forms Publications skip to content Menu Home > About the Fed > Board Meetings > June 2012 Print Government in the Sunshine Meeting Notice Agency: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Time, date: 3:30 PM, Thursday, June 7, 2012 Place: Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building, 20th Street entrance between Constitution Avenue and C Streets, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20551 Status: Open Open meeting materials On the day of the meeting, you will be able to view the meeting via webcast from a link available on the Board’s public website. You do not need to register to view the webcast of the meeting. A link to the meeting documentation will also be available approximately 20 minutes before the start of the meeting. Both links may be accessed from the Board’s public website at http://www.federalreserve.gov/ . If you plan to attend the open meeting in person, we ask that you notify us in advance and provide your name, date of birth, and social security number (SSN) or passport number. You may provide this information by calling (202) 452-2474 or you may register online . You may pre-register until close of business June 6, 2012. You also will be asked to provide identifying information, including a photo ID, before being admitted to the Board meeting. The Public Affairs Office must approve the use of cameras; please call 202-452-2955 for further information. If you need an accommodation for a disability, please contact Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. For the hearing impaired only, please use the Telecommunication Device for the Deaf (TDD) on 202-263-4869. Privacy Act Notice: The information you provide will be used to assist us in prescreening you to ensure the security of the Board’s premises and personnel. In order to do this, we may disclose your information consistent with the routine uses listed in the Privacy Act Notice for BGFRS-32, including to appropriate federal, state, local, or foreign agencies where disclosure is reasonably necessary to determine whether you pose a security risk or where the security or confidentiality of your information has been compromised. We are authorized to collect your information by 12 U.S.C §§ 243 and 248, and Executive Order 9397. In accordance with Executive Order 9397, we collect your SSN so that we can keep accurate records, because other people may have the same name and birth date. In addition, we use your SSN when we make requests for information about you from law enforcement and other regulatory agency databases. Furnishing the information requested is voluntary; however, your failure to provide any of the information requested may result in disapproval of your request for access to the Board’s premises. You may be subject to a fine or imprisonment under 18 U.S.C § 1001 for any false statements you make in your request to enter the Board’s premises. Matters to be Considered: Discussion Agenda: 1. Proposed interagency rulemakings: strengthening and harmonizing the regulatory capital framework for banking organizations, including proposed rules for implementing Basel III for banking organizations and proposed consolidated capital requirements for savings and loan holding companies. 2. Final interagency rulemaking: market risk capital rule. Notes: The staff memo to the Board will be made available to the public on the day of the meeting in paper and the background material will be made available on a compact disc (CD). If you require a paper copy of the entire document, please call Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. The documentation will not be available until about 20 minutes before the start of the meeting. This meeting will be webcast and also available on-demand after the event for the benefit of those unable to attend. Computer discs (CD's) will then be available for listening in the Board's Freedom of Information Office, and copies may be ordered for $4 per disc by calling 202-452-3684 or by writing to: Freedom of Information Office Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Washington, D.C. 20551 For more information please contact : Michelle Smith, Director, or Dave Skidmore, Assistant to the Board, Office of Board Members at 202-452-2955. Supplementary Information: You may call 202-452-3206 for a recorded announcement of this meeting; or you may contact the Board’s public website at www.federalreserve.gov for an electronic announcement . (The website also includes procedural and other information about the open meeting.) Dated: 5/30/2012 Jennifer J. Johnson , Secretary of the Board. Last update: May 30, 2012 Home | About the Fed Accessibility Contact Us Disclaimer Website Policies FOIA PDF Reader