for Covered Individuals? Are hybrid securities, such as convertible bonds, included in the definition of "debt security"? Defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans, and individual retirement accounts What are examples of a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government? Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution and defined benefit plans sponsored by a covered individual’s prior employers, such as private companies, state and local governments, and non-profit entities? Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution or defined benefit plans sponsored by employers in foreign countries? Do the investment and trading rules apply to individual retirement accounts ("IRAs")? Are loans from tax-exempt retirement accounts subject to the trading restrictions in section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals? My non-federal government defined contribution plan allows me to purchase assets that are impermissible under section 1 of the Policy for Covered Individuals. The plan also does not require one-year holding periods as required in section 2 of the policy. Am I required to follow the policy’s requirements for assets and transactions in that defined contribution plan? Derivative transactions Are diversified mutual funds and ETFs that hold some underlying derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are mutual funds and ETFs that have a stated policy of concentrating in derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? How are commodity derivatives treated under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Financial market stress blackout period How will I be notified about the start or end of a financial market stress blackout period? May I submit an advance notice of a new trade after a financial market stress period is declared? Must I still execute a trade that received pre-clearance before the announcement of a financial market stress period, even if the proposed trade window inadvertently falls during the stress period? Foreign currencies Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit holding shares of an international equity or bond fund or other diversified equity or bond funds with investments denominated in foreign currencies? Is it permissible for me or my spouse to own a bank account in a foreign country or to own foreign currency? Holding period How will the one-year holding period be calculated? Margin securities Is it permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals to obtain a loan that is collateralized by securities? Noninvestment purpose What does "noninvestment purpose" mean? What are some examples? Qualifying automatic trades What is a "qualifying automatic trade"? Does starting a new qualifying automatic trade program (i.e., a new series of qualifying automatic trades) require advance notice and pre-clearance? Do changes to a qualifying automatic trade program require advance notice and pre-clearance? Does stopping a qualifying automatic trade program require advance notice and pre-clearance? Do I need to provide 45-days’ advance notice for ongoing qualifying automatic trade programs that were already in existence at the time I became a covered individual? Are qualifying automatic trades exempt from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress trading blackout in sections 2(b) through (d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals? How are qualifying automatic trades treated during financial market stress periods? How does the one-year holding period apply to assets purchased or sold through qualifying automatic trades? Can you use a qualifying automatic trade to purchase additional shares in a diversified mutual fund? Can you use a qualifying automatic trade to purchase individual equity securities or sector funds? Are trades executed by an automated investment account ("robo-account") that only purchases diversified funds permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Does the definition of "qualifying automatic trade" include contributions to defined contribution plans sponsored by a private company or a state or local government? Is an automatic dividend reinvestment plan for a diversified mutual fund or diversified ETF a permissible qualifying automatic trade program? Are limit orders considered to be qualifying automatic trades? Are they permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Sector fund What is an example of a "sector fund"? Is a fund that focuses on two related sectors a sector fund? Security Are shares in mutual funds and ETFs "securities" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Does the definition of "security" cover shares in small businesses, such as a family farm? Does the definition of "security" include securities of both privately held and publicly traded entities? Does the prohibition on purchases of individual equity securities in section 2(a) apply to private and publicly traded securities? Which individual securities holdings may covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) retain under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Spousal equity and options Do the exemptions in section 1 and section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals cover (i) stock options from a spouse’s current or prior employer, or (ii) stock options that the spouse may only exercise after their employment ends? Does the spousal equity exemption cover any benefits that a spouse receives in connection with their employment, such as retirement plans? As part of their employment, my spouse acquired equity securities of their former employer. Can my spouse purchase more stock in that company through automatic dividend reinvestments? Treasury bonds and notes Are U.S. savings bonds included in the definition of "Treasury bonds and notes"? Are U.S. Treasury bills included in the definition of "Treasury bonds and notes"? Which bond funds that invest in Treasury securities are prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? 529 plans, health savings accounts ("HSAs"), and other similar accounts What does "other similar accounts" mean in section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals? What does the reference to "untaxed distributions" mean? Waivers To whom should a waiver request be sent? Reporting and disclosure Will covered individuals still be required to continue to comply with existing applicable annual financial disclosure reporting requirements under the Policy for Covered Individuals? What does "promptly posted" mean in section 3(b) regarding the requirement to post any Periodic Transaction Reports and annual financial disclosure reports filed by a Reserve Bank president? Miscellaneous Are separately managed accounts permissible