the end of 1944 the combined surplus accounts of the Federal Reserve Banks were less than 75 percent of their subscribed capital. During the next two years, however, net earnings increased substantially, due primarily to large holdings of Government securities accumulated through open market operations. This resulted in transfers to surplus accounts that increased the combined surplus of the Federal Reserve Banks to about $439.8 million at the end of 1946, as compared with subscribed capital of nearly $373.6 million. Under the circumstances, the Board concluded that it would be appropriate for the Federal Reserve Banks to pay to Treasury the bulk of their net earnings after providing for necessary expenses and the statutory dividend. In effect, this involved paying currently to Treasury funds which, under existing law, would otherwise come to it only in the event of liquidation of the Federal Reserve Banks. The Federal Reserve Act still provides that, in case of liquidation of the Federal Reserve Banks, any surplus remaining after the payment of all claims shall be paid to Treasury. By invoking its authority under Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act, the Board was able to accomplish the same results as were accomplished by the payments of franchise tax, i.e., the transfer of excess earnings to the Government. Effective December 4, 2015, the Federal Reserve Act was amended to limit the Reserve Banks' aggregate surplus funds to $10 billion. Effective February 9, 2018, the Federal Reserve Act was amended to limit the Reserve Banks aggregate surplus funds to $7.5 billion. Effective May 24, 2018, the Federal Reserve Act was amended to limit the Reserve Banks aggregate surplus funds to $6.825 billion. Effective January 1, 2021, the Federal Reserve Act was amended to limit the Reserve Banks aggregate surplus funds to $6.785 billion. The Federal Reserve Act requires that any amounts of the aggregate surplus funds of the Reserve Banks that exceed, or would exceed, the aggregate limitation of $6.785 billion shall be transferred to the Board of Governors for transfer to the Treasury. Each Reserve Bank remits excess earnings to the Board of Governors for transfer to the Treasury after providing for the cost of operations, payment of dividends, and reservation of an amount necessary to maintain surplus at the Bank's allocated portion of the $6.785 billion aggregate surplus limitation. (See paragraph 60.55 for computation and reporting of remittances.) Earnings remittances to Treasury, net, are accounted for as expense of the period in which they are accrued because the recurring payments are a nondiscretionary cost from the Reserve Banks' perspective. 11 The Reserve Banks remit accrued earnings to the Treasury on a weekly basis. The daily accrual is an automated entry processed by the general ledger application each night. If an adjustment to an income or expense account is made during the late general ledger process, the balance in the Undistributed Net Income account requires a manual adjustment to properly record a remittance accrual and the following entry to bring Undistributed Net Income to zero. Dr / Cr: Earnings Remittances to Treasury, net (330-200) $xxx Cr / Dr: Accrued Remittances to Treasury / Deferred Asset (240-925) $xxx 12.65 Transferred to or from Surplus (330-225) The purpose of this account is to record the transactions necessary to equate surplus to the Reserve Bank's allocated portion of the $6.785 billion aggregate surplus limitation (see paragraph 12.10 ). The amount remains in this account until the closing of the books in January of each year. See paragraphs 12.10 and 60.55 for further discussion. Footnotes 1. The H.4.1 is available at www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h41/current/h41.pdf . Return to text 2. Change effective January 1, 2023, per the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses. Return to text 3. Payments are defined as meeting the $25k threshold by expense account (inclusive of all products) and term (three months and greater) per purchase order/invoice. Return to text 4. From 1992 until 1998, computer software purchased from vendors with an acquisition cost of $50,000 or greater was capitalized in this account and amortized over its estimated useful life, not to exceed three years. From 1999 to 2004, Reserve Banks capitalized the costs for internal use software whether purchased externally or developed internally if the costs exceeded $100,000 in this account. Beginning in 2005, to make the threshold consistent with other prepaid expenses, the capitalization threshold for externally-purchased software, such as license fees, was lowered from $100,000 to $25,000. Return to text 5. Examples of desktop utility software include word processing, electronic mail, and anti-virus software. Return to text 6. The Federal Reserve Act, as amended by the FAST Act, requires that the threshold amount of member bank total consolidated assets be adjusted annually to reflect the change in the Gross Domestic Product Price Index, published by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Return to text 7. The Board of Governors amended Regulation I, effective February 24, 2016, to implement the FAST Act provisions related to the payment of dividends to Reserve Banks. Return to text 8. The accounting treatment should be determined annually and should be based on the materiality of the obligation to the overall balance sheet. Return to text 9. The total subscription of a mutual savings bank shall equal six-tenths of 1 percent of its total deposit liabilities. (12 CFR 209.4(b)) Return to text 10. Prior to January 1, 2011, surplus was equated to the level of capital at December 31 of each year. Return to text 11. Prior to the FAST Act, the Board levied an interest on Federal Reserve notes charge on the Reserve Banks. The FAST Act requires the transfer of excess earnings to Treasury. In both cases, the amount in Reserve Bank surplus is controlled by creating a non-discretionary obligation to transfer excess residual net earnings to Treasury. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers &