Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Chapter 8. Special Topics 80.01 General This chapter addresses the accounting for financial assets and liabilities for which the accounting policies are not specified in other FAM chapters. This chapter provides general accounting guidance for the unique aspects of these assets and liabilities, including SOMA assets. Financial assets and liabilities that are not part of the SOMA should be accounted for in accordance with GAAP. Reserve Banks should work with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section to determine the appropriate accounting treatment for the transactions described in this chapter and to obtain approval for the accounting analysis and related conclusions. 81.01 Allowance for Credit Losses The Federal Reserve offers lending facilities to help provide liquidity and funding to the financial markets. Under each facility, a Federal Reserve Bank (Bank) provides credit either to special purpose vehicles (SPVs) created to administer the provision of liquidity to third parties or directly to eligible borrowers. When credit is provided to SPVs, the Banks' lending is secured by the assets of the SPV and, in some cases, by credit protection provided by the Treasury. Loans made directly by the Banks to eligible borrowers and by SPVs to borrowers may be collateralized by pledged assets. These facilities include the following: Primary, secondary, seasonal, and other credit Main Street Expanded Loan Facility (MSELF) Main Street New Loan Facility (MSNLF) Main Street Priority Loan Facility (MSPLF) Municipal Liquidity Facility (MLF) Nonprofit Organization Expanded Loan Facility (NOELF) Nonprofit Organization New Loan Facility (NONLF) Paycheck Protection Program Lending Facility (PPPLF) Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF) Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) Loans extended by the Reserve Banks to consolidated limited liability companies (LLCs) are not considered in the following paragraphs because the loans are eliminated in consolidation. In addition, loans extended to consolidated LLCs that are recorded at fair value do not require an allowance for credit loss. FASB ASC Topic 326-20 establishes the general expectation of the recognition of lifetime expected allowance for credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, commonly referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model, regardless of whether the risk of credit loss is deemed to be remote. The following paragraphs discuss key considerations for accounting for credit losses: (1) recognition of an allowance for credit losses, (2) measuring credit losses, (3) recording credit losses, and (4) interest income recognition. If however, the measure of expected credit losses on a financial asset (or pool of financial assets) in which historical credit loss experience information, adjusted for current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts, results in a conclusion that the risk of non-payment is zero, an estimate for credit losses is not required to be recognized, so called the "zero loss expectation" exception. Significant judgment is required whether the exception can be applied to a specific class of financial assets with consideration provided to all reasonably available information when evaluating historical loss experience, whether the assets are issued or guaranteed by a government entity, and evaluation of assets secured by collateral. Further, for financial assets secured by collateral provided by the borrower and whose collateral coverage is being used to arrive at a "zero loss expectation" on the asset, FASB ASC Topic 326-20 requires the consideration of potential future changes in value and historical loss information for assets secured with similar collateral, rather than based solely on the assessment of the current coverage. Given the complexity and judgement required in concluding that the "zero loss expectation" exception is appropriate for a given asset class, Reserve Banks should contact RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for guidance when considering such plans. 81.02 Recognizing an Allowance for Credit Losses The credit loss standard codified in FASB ASC Topic 326 requires recognizing lifetime expected credit losses immediately upon the purchase or origination of the loan, even if the likelihood of a loss is remote. The estimate of expected credit losses is based on historical loss information, adjusted to reflect current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. FASB Topic ASC 326-20 requires that upon initial inception or purchase of the loan, and subsequently at each reporting date, the recognition of an allowance for credit losses generally in a consistent manner over the lifetime (in most cases the contractual maturity) of the loan. A comparison of the current estimate of expected credit losses with the previously recorded amount should be performed at each reporting date, with the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses reported in net income as a bad debt expense or reversal of bad debt expense. FASB ASC Topic 326-20-30 establishes the presumption of estimating credit losses on financial assets with similar risk characteristics on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. FASB ASC Topic 326-20 provides guidance on evaluating credit losses for loans in homogenous pools with similar risk characteristics. Only in instances where financial assets are determined not to share risk characteristics with other financial assets in a pool should an evaluation for expected credit losses be performed on an individual basis. Judgement would be required in making this determination, but the estimation method used would need to be supportable qualitatively or quantitatively and consistently applied. Under the current expected credit loss methodology, assets evaluated on an individual basis should not also be included