effective, and why? Explain why financial crises became less of a concern during the Great Moderation? Did they disappear? Lecture 2, Video Clip 20: The housing bubble Questions for Classroom Discussion: How large was the increase in housing prices? Describe what caused the rapid rise in housing prices. What is a bubble? Why are rising asset prices not necessarily a positive event for everyone? What are several possible causes of the bubble? Lecture 2, Video Clip 21: Deterioration in lending standards Questions for Classroom Discussion: Describe the characteristics of the decline in lending standards. Explain why lending standards seemed to deteriorate. Give examples of changing incentives. How could deterioration in lending standards be caused by a bubble and at the same time contribute to the housing bubble? Lecture 2, Video Clip 22: Bursting of the bubble: Declining demand, falling prices Questions for Classroom Discussion: List several causes of the bursting of the housing bubble. Explain how each could contribute to the decline in housing prices. What were the effects of the bursting housing-price bubble on the rest of the economy? Lecture 2, Video Clip 23: Financial crisis triggers vs. vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: Define a financial crisis trigger and give examples. Define a financial crisis vulnerability and give examples. How did the triggers and vulnerabilities lead to serious declines in economic conditions? Why was the collapse in housing prices so much more serious than the collapse of dot-com stock prices in 2001? How did the Great Moderation affect the vulnerability of the economy to a serious financial trigger? Lecture 2, Video Clip 24: Private-sector vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: What were the private-sector vulnerabilities that amplified the effects of the triggers? Explain how increased leverage, financial institutions' failure to monitor their own risk adequately, increased short-term funding, and new exotic financial instruments amplified the effects of the triggers. Lecture 2, Video Clip 25: Public-sector vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: What were the public-sector vulnerabilities that amplified the effects of the triggers? What were the gaps in the regulatory structure? How did those gaps lead to a worsening of the financial crisis? What additional failures by regulatory agencies took place during the financial crisis? Explain how each contributed to a worsening of the crisis. What are systemic problems? How did systemic problems differ from problems with individual banks or small groups of banks? Why did they receive insufficient attention? Lecture 2, Video Clip 26: Role of monetary policy in contributing to the crisis Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the evidence about the role of monetary policy in contributing to the crisis. Is that evidence convincing one way or another? Lecture 2, Video Clip 27: Economic consequences of the crisis Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the effects of the financial crisis on financial markets. How did the collapse of the housing bubble affect housing construction? Explain why. Describe how and why unemployment changed during the bubble and the subsequent financial crisis. Accessible Keys for Video [Space Bar] toggles play/pause; [Right/Left Arrows] seeks the video forwards and back (5 sec ); [Up/Down Arrows] increase/decrease volume; [M] toggles mute on/off; [F] toggles fullscreen on/off (Except IE 11); The [Tab] key may be used in combination with the [Enter/Return] key to navigate and activate control buttons, such as caption on/off. Back to Top Last Update: November 17, 2016 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551