unreasonable or repetitive exceptions to the billings by the Reserve Bank, some questioned items may not be worth the effort of searching. When such items are credited to the financial institution's account, they should be debited to the earnings account. 4.92 Accrued Service Income (170-475) The purpose of this account is to allow for the recognition of income from services in the month in which it is earned. Accruals may be made daily but should not be less than weekly, on Wednesday or the preceding business day before Wednesday if Wednesday is a holiday, and at the end of the month. The accruals may be on any suitable basis including projections made from the previous month's experience. Accruals within the month are a means for achieving an orderly recognition of earnings. The month-end accrual should be used to adjust the month's earnings to an amount reasonably close to what will actually be realized from the services rendered during the month, unless, of course, the daily or weekly accruals are designed to automatically achieve such results. To avoid duplications in the combined earnings of all Banks, the amounts owed or due from other Reserve Banks should be taken into account in the accrual process. Prior to April 2018, accrued service income (the estimated receivable) was recognized at the Reserve Bank (New York, Atlanta, and Chicago), which recognizes the service income. From April 2018, accrued service income is recorded at the host Bank for billing (Minneapolis) and the off-set is recognized as service income (revenue) at Boston, New York, Atlanta, and Chicago. Transactions related to the accrued service income (an asset) and recognized service income (revenue) are passed among the Reserve Banks using the Interdistrict Settlement account ( paragraph 5.00 ). 4.94 Central Bank Liquidity Swap Accounts (170-525 and 170-530) Central bank liquidity swap facilities include U.S. dollar liquidity and foreign currency liquidity swap arrangements between the FRBNY, acting at the direction of the FOMC, and an FOMC authorized foreign central bank. The parties mutually agree to exchange their currencies up to a prearranged maximum amount, for an agreed-upon period of time. These arrangements give the authorized foreign central bank temporary access to U.S. dollars and give the Federal Reserve temporary access to the foreign currencies to deliver to U.S. institutions if conditions warrant. For further discussion, see paragraph 40.50 . The recorded amount of central bank liquidity swaps is held in the SOMA and is participated to each Reserve Bank. U.S. Dollar Liquidity Swaps When a foreign central bank initiates a swap agreement with the FRBNY for the purpose of obtaining U.S. dollar liquidity, the resulting asset is recorded by the FRBNY in account foreign currency held under liquidity swap arrangements (170-525). The foreign central bank compensates the FRBNY, based on the foreign currency amounts it holds. The FRBNY records the compensation received as interest income. Foreign Currency Liquidity Swaps When the FRBNY initiates a swap agreement with a foreign central bank for the purpose of obtaining foreign currency liquidity, any resulting asset is recorded in account foreign currency held under swap arrangements (170-530). For example, the FRBNY may enter into foreign currency liquidity arrangements whereby the Bank would obtain foreign currency from a foreign central bank; in a second and related transaction, the FRBNY may enter an agreement with a U.S. depository institution under which it would provide an equivalent amount of foreign currency liquidity to that depository institution. In this example, the foreign currency provided to the depository institution would be recorded as an asset in this account; see paragraph 11.99 for recording of the related liability. 4.95 Treasury Credit Protection (170-540) Per operation of the Facility Lending Programs, the FRBB received a Treasury credit protection and Treasury Investments for the Main Street Lending Program. They are held at the FRBNY. Account 170-540 includes receivable and payable activity from/to the FRBB for the Main Street Lending Program facilities. See Chapter 7 for more details on these facilities. 5.00 Interdistrict Settlement Account (180-025) The cumulative net amount owed or due from other Federal Reserve Banks as a consequence of the InterFRB transaction settlement procedure is reported in this account. The settlement between Districts is conducted by the centralized accounting system, which captures the data needed to conduct settlement. Once settlement has been effected, the appropriate entries are posted directly to each Reserve Bank's accounts. Included in this process are the monthly Federal Reserve note clearings and the annual settlement through the gold certificate account of the cumulative interdistrict settlement position. (See paragraph 40.70 .) Priced Service Transactions between Reserve Banks Principal Reserve Banks reimburse costs incurred for check, automated clearinghouse, funds, securities, FedNow Service, and electronic access services provided by processing (Agent) Reserve Banks. Principal Reserve Banks estimate monthly reimbursements at the end of each month and through the Interdistrict Settlement account record interbank transfers for the services provided by the Agent Reserve Banks by debiting their service costs incurred expense account and crediting the Agent Reserve Banks' services provided expense account. The following month, the estimates are trued up through the same process based on actual monthly costs incurred. 10.01 Federal Reserve Notes Outstanding (210-025) Represents the net amount of Federal Reserve notes that are outstanding from the Federal Reserve Agent to the Bank. The account consists of the cumulative net issues of the present size currency minus the amount that has been returned for destruction and credit. Currency of the present size (approximately 2.61 inches by 6.14 inches) was issued beginning in July 1929; the outstanding large-size Federal Reserve notes, which were issued from 1914-1929, were removed from Reserve Bank liabilities in 1961 pursuant to the Old Series Currency Adjustment Act and absorbed into the Public Debt. Eleven denominations of Federal Reserve notes make up the outstanding amount. Seven denominations—$1, $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100—are currently being issued to the Banks. Issuance of larger denominations of $500, $1,000, $5,000, and $10,000 was discontinued in July 1969 and the notes are returned to Treasury for destruction whenever