holdings may covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) retain under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A70: Section 2(a) of the policy states that a covered individual, a covered individual’s spouse, and a covered individual’s minor children must not purchase individual equity securities or interests in a sector fund. Covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) may retain ownership in any non-prohibited individual equity securities or sector funds that are owned or controlled when they become subject to the policy, but they are prohibited under section 2(a) of the policy from purchasing any additional individual equity securities or shares of sector funds on and after that date. Covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) must divest any holdings in individual debt securities or other impermissible securities as described in section 1 of the policy. XXI. Spousal equity and options Q71: Do the exemptions in section 1 and section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals cover (i) stock options from a spouse’s current or prior employer, or (ii) stock options that the spouse may only exercise after their employment ends? Updated: 2/5/2024 A71: Yes. Equity securities and equity options of a covered individual’s spouse that are acquired or held in connection with the spouse’s current or former employment are exempt from both (i) the investment rules, pursuant to section 1(c)(2) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, and (ii) the purchase prohibition in section 2(a), pursuant to section 2(h)(1)(i) of the policy. So long as the stock or stock options are "acquired or held in connection with the spouse’s employment," the exemptions will apply, even after the spouse's employment ends. Q72: Does the spousal equity exemption cover any benefits that a spouse receives in connection with their employment, such as retirement plans? Updated: 4/29/2024 A72: This exemption covers benefit plans that would not be covered under the exemptions in sections 1(c)(3) and 2(g) but that involve equity securities and equity options of a covered individual's spouse that are acquired or held in connection with the spouse's employment. For example, this exemption would cover shares acquired via an Employee Stock Ownership Plan for a covered individual's spouse, including shares of company stock offered at a discounted price to employees. In addition to stock and options in the spouse’s employing company, the exemption also would cover long-term investments in other securities that a spouse is required to hold as part of their job. However, this exemption does not apply to other assets (like investment funds) held within a defined contribution plan sponsored by the employer, or to investments for short-term gain (like day trading). Q73: As part of their employment, my spouse acquired equity securities of their former employer. Can my spouse purchase more stock in that company through automatic dividend reinvestments? Updated: 2/5/2024 A73: Yes. Equity securities and equity options of a covered individual’s spouse that are acquired or held in connection with the spouse’s employment are exempt from the prohibition on new purchases of individual equity securities in section 2(a). This exemption includes purchases of additional shares through an automatic dividend reinvestment plan, which could be approved as a qualifying automatic trade program under the Policy for Covered Individuals. However, covered individuals should keep in mind that they will need to provide advance notice of and seek pre-clearance for the qualifying automatic trade program itself, unless the program was already in existence at the time the individual became covered by the policy. XXII. Treasury bonds and notes Q74: Are U.S. savings bonds included in the definition of "Treasury bonds and notes"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A74: No. U.S. savings bonds are not considered Treasury bonds or notes under the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff and are permissible assets for covered individuals. Q75: Are U.S. Treasury bills included in the definition of "Treasury bonds and notes"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A75: No. U.S. Treasury bills with maturities of one year or less are not considered Treasury bonds and notes under the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff and are permissible assets for covered individuals. However, covered individuals must hold Treasury bills to maturity. Q76: Which bond funds that invest in Treasury securities are prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A76: Investment funds with a stated policy of concentrating in Treasury bonds and notes are prohibited under the policy (e.g., Vanguard Inflation Protected Securities fund or iShares 1-3 Year Treasury Bond ETF). However, total or aggregate bond funds that have a broader investment focus on bonds in general are permissible assets even if they hold Treasury securities (e.g., Schwab U.S. Aggregate Bond Index Fund, BNY Mellon Bond Market Index Fund, and T. Rowe Price QM U.S. Bond Index Fund). XXIII. 529 plans, health savings accounts ("HSAs"), and other similar accounts Q77: What does "other similar accounts" mean in section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A77: Section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the policy exempts "[u]ntaxed distributions from 529 plans, health savings accounts, or other similar accounts" from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress period prohibitions. "Other similar accounts" is intended to cover tax-advantaged accounts that operate in a similar manner, such as an Achieving a Better Life Experience ("ABLE") account, which is a tax-advantaged account for individuals with disabilities and their families. Q78: What does the reference to "untaxed distributions" mean? Updated: 2/5/2024 A78: Section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals exempts "[u]ntaxed distributions from 529 plans, health savings accounts, or other similar accounts" from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress period prohibitions. To qualify for this exemption, distributions or withdrawals from these accounts must meet the tax code requirements so that they are not considered federal taxable income. XXIV. Waivers Q79: To whom should a waiver request be sent? Updated: 4/15/2022 A79: Covered individuals who are Board employees must submit waiver requests to the Board’s