meets both of the following conditions: The power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly affect the entity's economic performance. The obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity. Only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. Although more than one entity could have either of the characteristics described above, only one entity, if any, will have the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly affect the entity's economic performance. In certain circumstances, the Bank may determine that there is no primary beneficiary associated with a VIE. In these, circumstances, while variable interests exist, because there is no primary beneficiary no reporting entity consolidates the VIE. Senior beneficial interests and senior debt instruments with fixed interest rates or other fixed returns normally would absorb little of the entity's expected variability and, therefore, a holder of the most senior interests of a VIE likely would not be the primary beneficiary of that entity unless the VIE's subordinated interests are not large enough to absorb the VIE's expected losses. Further, senior interests normally are not entitled to any of the expected residual returns. A Bank that holds a senior financial interest in a VIE, however, should perform an evaluation to determine if it is the primary beneficiary. To determine if it is the primary beneficiary, the Bank must treat the financial interests (i.e., variable interests) held by its related parties as its own interests. For purposes of FASB ASC Topic 810-10, related parties include those parties identified in FASB ASC Topic 850-10, as well other parties that are acting as de facto agents. The following are considered to be de facto agents of the Bank: A party with a financial interest in the VIE that cannot finance its own operations without subordinated financial support from the Bank, such as another VIE in which the Bank is the primary beneficiary; A party with a financial interest in the VIE that received its interests as a contribution or a loan from the Bank; An officer, employee, or member of the governing board of the Bank; A party that has a financial interest in the VIE and has an agreement that it cannot sell, transfer, or encumber its interests in the VIE without the prior approval of the Bank; A party that has a financial interest in the VIE and has a close business relationship with the VIE or other beneficiaries of the VIE, like the relationship between a professional service provider and one of its significant clients. If the Bank and another interest holder are considered to be related parties, and the combination of their interest would lead to a conclusion that the related party group is the primary beneficiary, then the party within the related group that is most closely associated with the VIE is the primary beneficiary for purposes of consolidation. Determining the primary beneficiary from among a related group requires judgment and consideration of qualitative factors, such as the following (no single factor is necessarily determinative): Existence of a principal-agency relationship between the parties (in this case the principal is the primary beneficiary); The relationship and significance of the activities of the VIE to the parties in the related group; The parties' exposure to the variability associated with the anticipated economic performance of the VIE; The design of the VIE, such as the capital structure and the intentions of the parties that created the entity. Other Considerations in Evaluating Consolidation of VIEs A VIE (VIE 1) itself can hold variable interest in another VIE (VIE 2). If, in evaluating the above criteria, the Bank determines that VIE 1 is the primary beneficiary of VIE 2, then VIE 1 must consolidate VIE 2 in its separate financial statements. The effect of this multi-level consolidation is that VIE 1 will report the assets and liabilities of VIE 2, rather than simply the net investment in that entity. If the Bank is the primary beneficiary of VIE 1, it will, in effect, consolidate both VIE 1 and VIE 2. If the Bank is the primary beneficiary of a VIE that qualifies as an investment company, FASB ASC Topic 810-10; specifies that a reporting entity shall not consolidate a legal entity that is required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those included in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. The following attributes of an investment company are specified in FASB ASC Topic 946: Investment activity. The investment company's primary business activity involves investing its assets, usually in the securities of other entities not under common management, for current income, appreciation, or both. Unit ownership. Ownership in the investment company is represented by units of investment, such as shares of stock or partnership interests, to which proportionate shares of net assets can be attributed. Pooling of funds. The funds of the investment company's owners are pooled to provide owners access to professional investment management. Reporting entity. The investment company is the primary reporting entity. FASB ASC Topic 946-10 provides additional insight. 12 See paragraph 82.07 , definition matrix of investment company, for further discussion. 82.03 Reconsideration of the Primary Beneficiary A Bank with an interest in a VIE shall reconsider whether it is the primary beneficiary throughout the reporting period or if one of the following events occurs: The legal entity's governing documents or contractual arrangements are changed in a manner that reallocates between the existing primary beneficiary and other unrelated parties (1) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the VIE or (2) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the VIE. The primary beneficiary sells or otherwise disposes of all or part of its variable interests to unrelated parties. The legal entity undertakes additional activities, or acquires additional assets beyond