software component must comply with the PPM Standard. The PPM Standard also applies to any Reserve Bank technology initiative, including software development, purchased software (vendor-developed/purchased software applications), infrastructure, and service. Reserve Bank users should reference the standard task list description when determining capitalization or expense classifications for software development or purchased software initiative activities. The standard task list description is found on the Reserve Banks' FAM SharePoint site. Footnotes 1. This appendix is based on a memo issued by RBOPS FRB Financial Accounting Section on December 27, 2007. Return to text 2. As background, information in the FASB ASC Topic 350-40 was reviewed. The accounting principles are: the tangible object or intangible right has economic value to its owners, has continuing benefits for future periods, and can be expressed in terms of its costs; and that costs are matched with the accounting periods that the costs benefit. Return to text 3. The $100,000 threshold is not related to the threshold for internally developed software, but is an amount that is deemed a significant or material enough bulk purchase to warrant capitalization. Return to text 4. Some contracts are open ended or may include subsequent orders. If a subsequent purchase does not satisfy the threshold, it would be expensed. Return to text 5. The term "without significant penalty" contains two distinct concepts: (1) the ability to take delivery of the software without incurring significant cost, and (2) the ability to use the software separately without a significant diminution in utility or value. Return to text 6. In some instances, the Reserve Bank contracting the implementation arrangement may not also contract the hosting arrangement, i.e. the hosting arrangement is contracted by another Reserve Bank. In such cases, analysis from a control perspective (similar to section 2. Ownership of Software) would need to be exercised as to which Reserve Bank should capitalize the associated implementation costs of the cloud-based arrangement. In cases where the Reserve Bank capitalizing implementation costs does not contract the hosting arrangement, the Reserve Bank should ensure it is able to ensure contractual rights through the Reserve Bank contracting the hosting arrangement. The fixed non-cancellable term includes optional periods that the Reserve Bank is reasonably certain to exercise; termination options that the Reserve Bank is reasonably certain not to exercise; and extension or termination options controlled by the vendor. Return to text 7. The above describes the porting of the application software; another approach is hosting, whereby a distributed platform is used to emulate the mainframe so that the mainframe application software can be used without recoding; such an approach would likely not be treated as a replacement. Return to text 8. Parallel testing related activities are generally performed by the end-user and take place when the internally developed system is deemed functionally complete. Parallel processing related activities take place when the newly internally developed system is designated as the "system of record" and runs in parallel with the system that has been replaced (designated as the legacy system). Return to text 9. Federal Reserve System users should reference the Reserve Banks' FAM SharePoint site for detailed procedures. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 03, 2025