posted" mean in section 3(b) regarding the requirement to post any Periodic Transaction Reports and annual financial disclosure reports filed by a Reserve Bank president? Miscellaneous Are separately managed accounts permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Is a gift of securities by a covered individual considered a "sale" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are donor-advised funds permissible? May a covered individual use a corporate entity, such as a special purpose LLC, to engage in permissible investments? Are covered individuals eligible to obtain certificates of divestiture ("CDs")? What will happen if covered individuals violate the Policy for Covered Individuals, such as by failing to execute a pre-cleared trade? How does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to automatic stock buybacks that occur as the result of a corporate acquisition? I. Implementation of the Policy for Covered Individuals Q1: When is the effective date of the revised policy? Updated: 2/5/2024 A1: The effective date of the revised policy is January 30, 2024, with the exception that the new covered individual category (8) of section (I) of the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff will be effective June 30, 2024. Q2: Why was the prior policy ("Investment and Trading Policy for FOMC Officials") revised? Updated: 2/5/2024 A2: In April 2023, the Board’s Office of Inspector General (OIG) published recommendations stemming from its evaluation of the FOMC’s investment and trading rules and the System’s approach to monitoring employees’ investment and trading activities. In response, the FOMC implemented revisions to the relevant policies in a new "FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff," with conforming changes to the Program for Security of FOMC Information. The revised Policy, "Investment and Trading Policies for Covered Individuals" ("Policy for Covered Individuals") is section (V) of the "FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff." Q3: What are the key changes to the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A3: First, the definition of "covered individual" is being expanded to include "System staff who regularly and materially advise FOMC participants on the conduct of monetary policy." The new category will include many, though not all, special advisers to the FOMC participants as well as a very small number of other senior staff. Second, the Policy for Covered Individuals now clarifies that, if necessary, employees may make untaxed distributions from 529 plans (or their foreign equivalents) or health savings accounts in order to satisfy educational or medical bills that must be paid during a trading blackout period. Further, it expands the definition of "529 plan" to include tuition programs that are similar to 529 plans, but that are offered by foreign countries. Finally, to help monitor compliance with the trading and investment restrictions, Board Ethics is now required to direct covered individuals or employees with knowledge of Class I information to submit copies of brokerage statements or other securities transaction statements. Ethics officials will be required to collect these statements from all covered individuals and from a random sample of other employees with knowledge of Class I information. Q4: When will new covered individuals be designated? How long will they have to divest assets that are prohibited under the policy? Updated: 2/5/2024 A4: The designation of new covered individuals will not occur until June 30, 2024. Consistent with section 1(d)(1)(ii) of the policy, new covered individuals will have until the end of 2024 to divest assets prohibited under the policy. Q5: If I will be designated as a new covered individual on June 30, 2024, can I make trades before June 30, 2024? Updated: 2/5/2024 A5: There is no prohibition against making trades before June 30, 2024, provided (i) you are not yet a covered individual, (ii) the trades are not made on the basis of nonpublic information, (iii) they do not occur during FOMC trading blackout periods, and (iv) they comply with all other applicable ethics rules (e.g., prohibition on holding equity positions in banks or primary dealers, or shares of financial services sector funds that have underlying investments in banks or other depository institutions). Q6: On the date an employee becomes a covered individual, are all of their investments as of that date deemed to have been held for a year? Updated: 2/5/2024 A6: No. The length of time a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) has held an asset is based on the asset’s original purchase date. Q7: When will Board Ethics begin collecting brokerage statements? Updated: 2/5/2024 A7: Board Ethics will not collect brokerage statements or other securities transaction statements from covered individuals and a sample of staff with ongoing knowledge of Class I information before December 31, 2024, to give Board Ethics time to explore the feasibility of electronic collection. Thus, no one will be required to submit any statements before December 31, 2024. After that date you will only be asked for information recorded in statements starting after December 31, 2024. II. Divestitures Q8: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to a new covered individual's existing assets? Updated: 2/5/2024 A8: Whether a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may keep an asset depends on whether the asset is permissible under the policy. Covered individuals must divest impermissible assets under section 1 of the policy. Retention of existing holdings of individual equity securities and sector funds is permitted under section 2(a) of the policy, but new purchases of individual equity securities and sector funds are not permitted. Q9: How long do I have to divest impermissible assets under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A9: If you become a covered individual, you have six months after the date on which you become a covered individual to dispose of impermissible assets. If a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) acquires an impermissible investment through gift, inheritance, merger, acquisition, or other change in corporate structure, or otherwise without specific intent to acquire the investment, the