Federal Reserve Act; not specifically amended, but amended in effect by the following statutes permitting the deposit of government funds in nonmember banks: Under section 10 of the act of June 11, 1942, all insured banks designated for the purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury may be depositaries of public moneys of the United States under the Liberty Bond Acts, the proceeds of sales of Liberty bonds may be deposited in nonmember banks; and under the Internal Revenue Code, the Secretary of the Treasury may authorize banks or trust companies to receive taxes. For designation of state member banks as depositaries of public money, see section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act; for designation of national banks as depositaries of public money, see section 5153 of the Revised Statutes. "Continental United States" means "the States of the United States and the District of Columbia." (Federal Reserve Act, section 1, third paragraph.) Presidential Proclamation No. 2695 of July 4, 1946 (60 Stat. 1352; 12 USC 1394 note) recognizes the independence of the Philippine Islands. Therefore the words "of the Philippine Islands or" have been omitted from the U.S. Code.] 3. Depositaries and fiscal agents of Federal Intermediate Credit Banks The Federal Reserve banks are authorized to act as depositaries for and fiscal agents of any Federal land bank, Federal intermediate credit bank, bank for cooperatives, or other institutions of the Farm Credit System. [12 USC 393. As added by act of March 4, 1923 (42 Stat. 1480); and amended by act of Dec. 10, 1971 (85 Stat. 625).] Back to Top Last Update: March 13, 2017 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551