terms of the loan agreement, it should discontinue recording interest income and follow the procedures described in paragraph 81.05 . 82.01 Consolidation The Federal Reserve offered funding markets access to liquidity by introducing a number of liquidity facilities that were authorized by the Board under Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. The facilities were structured such that a specific Federal Reserve Bank (Bank) provided funding to a legal entity, which in turn acquired certain targeted assets from third party entities. 10 FASB ASC Topic 810-10 requires consolidation of legal entities that are within the scope of the standard to meet the criteria specified in FASB ASC Topic 810-10 for Voting Interest Entity Model and the Variable Interest Entity Model. Two different assessments are provided because a controlling financial interest may be achieved other than by ownership of shares or voting interests. The voting interest entity model Under the voting interest entity model for legal entities other than limited partnerships, the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity. The variable interest entity (VIE) model Under the VIE model, a controlling financial interest requires both of the following: The power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance; and The obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. A reporting entity with a controlling financial interest in a VIE is referred to as the primary beneficiary. The reporting entity could be, but is not limited to being, an equity investor and another capital provider such as a debt holder, or a party with another contractual arrangement such as a guarantor. 82.02 Evaluating Consolidation Based on Variable Interests To determine if a Bank must consolidate a legal entity's assets, liabilities, and results of operations, it must first determine if the legal entity is a business within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 810-10. 11 If the legal entity in which the Bank has a financial interest is deemed to be a business, it is not subject to consolidation. Paragraph 82.06 contains a framework that can be used in evaluating whether a VIE financial results must be consolidated in the financial statements of the Bank. Next, the Bank should determine if the legal entity is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 810-10. The legal entity is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 810-10 if one or more of the following conditions exist: The Bank, or its related parties, participated significantly in the design of the entity; The entity is designed so that all of its activities either involve or are conducted on behalf of the Bank and its related parties; The Bank and its related parties provide more than half of the total of the equity, subordinated debt, and other forms of subordinated financial support to the entity, based on the fair values of the interests in the entity; The activities of the entity are primarily related to securitizations or other forms of asset-backed financings; or The Bank is able to direct the economic performance of the legal entity, whether through voting rights or otherwise. If, based on the criteria in the paragraph above, the entity in which the Bank has a financial interest is determined to be within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 810-10, the Bank must then determine if the entity is a VIE. The entity will meet the definition of a VIE if any of the following conditions are met: The total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. Generally, an equity investment at risk of less than 10 percent of the entity's total assets shall not be considered to be sufficient to finance its activities; As a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack any one of the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, which are The power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity; the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; The equity investors' voting rights are not proportional to the economics; for example, absorption of gains or losses is not proportional to voting rights. If the entity meets the definition of a VIE outlined above, then the Bank's financial interest represents a variable interest and the Bank must consider whether it has a controlling financial interest in the VIE and, therefore, should include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the VIE in its consolidated financial statements. The Bank has a controlling financial interest and should consolidate the variable interest entity if it meets both of the following conditions: The power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly affect the entity's economic performance. The obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity. Only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. Although more than one entity could have either of the characteristics described above, only one entity, if any, will have the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly affect the entity's economic performance. In certain circumstances, the Bank may determine that there is no primary beneficiary associated with a VIE. In these, circumstances, while variable interests exist, because there is no primary beneficiary no reporting entity consolidates the VIE. Senior beneficial interests and senior debt instruments with fixed interest rates or other fixed returns normally would absorb little of the entity's expected variability and, therefore, a holder of the most senior interests of a VIE likely would not be the primary beneficiary of that entity unless the VIE's subordinated interests are not large enough to absorb the