in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve History Federal Reserve History Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Inventory Submission FAQ Federal Reserve Oral History Interviews Centennial Advisory Council Inventory Submission FAQ Related Federal Reserve History Federal Reserve assembles inventory of historical materials on central banking in the United States Collections Inventory (PDF) When will the centennial commemoration begin and how long will it last? The commemoration of the centennial will begin in late 2013 and continue through late 2014. During this time, the Federal Reserve will observe three important milestones in its formation: December 23, 1913: President Woodrow Wilson signs the Federal Reserve Act into law. May 1914: The charters for the 12 Reserve Banks are signed. November 1914: The Reserve Banks open their doors. Will each of the Federal Reserve Banks commemorate the centennial separately or is this a Federal Reserve System initiative? Commemoration of the Federal Reserve centennial will occur at a System level, and each Federal Reserve Bank will also commemorate at a local level. What events and activities is the Federal Reserve planning to commemorate the centennial? While our planning efforts are still under way, we have committed to creating an inventory of Federal Reserve historical material and intend to highlight the centennial at existing annual Federal Reserve System Research conferences. We also plan to create a short video on the Federal Reserve. More specific public communications about the centennial will be provided as details are finalized. What is the inventory of Federal Reserve historical documents? The inventory is the first project undertaken as a part of preparing for the upcoming centennial. The inventory is a list of historical records, documents, and other materials related to the Federal Reserve System and its leaders, including information about the size and location of the historical collections. Is everything on the list available digitally? Not at this time; however, many items in the inventory are digitized, and information about web availability is included. Reserve Bank and Board websites and the Federal Reserve Archival System for Economic Research ( http://fraser.stlouisfed.org ) include a number of historical collections. Material housed in other places may also be available on the web. In addition, the inventory includes material that has not been published. When will the collections listed in the inventory be available online? It is hard to say with precision, but as part of the project, the Federal Reserve will increase the number of historical collections that it digitizes. Holders of collections outside of the Federal Reserve may or may not have plans to digitize their holdings; each institution has to make that determination based on available resources. Who can submit information about collections that should be listed in the inventory? Anyone can submit their ideas for historical material that should be included in the inventory through the Federal Reserve public websites. What materials are you looking for? We are looking for information about Fed-related historical records, collections of papers, and artifacts that should be listed in the inventory. We are not collecting the material itself at this time. Back to Top Last Update: November 21, 2016 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551