loans require similar types of collateralization and are recourse loans as specified in Operating Circular 10. Assessment: Although some loans may warrant individual assessments in consideration of the risk characteristics outlined under FASB ASC Topic 326-20, these loans are generally homogenous in nature and share similar risk characteristics and should be evaluated in aggregate. Secondary and emergency credit: The nature and terms of these loans are not homogenous. For both the secondary and emergency loan programs, the financial institutions involved are in some degree of financial distress. Assessment: These loans are not homogenous in nature and do not share similar risk characteristics to the extent that it would not be appropriate to evaluate them on a collective basis. These loans should be evaluated individually in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 326-20. Emergency credit offered through specifically defined targeted programs that are administered by a designated Reserve Bank likely will have a unique profile. Accordingly, specific evaluation and valuation criteria, while consistent with the methodology described herein, should be developed for each program. Determine allowance for credit loss The Reserve Bank should evaluate the fair value of the collateral to determine if an allowance for credit loss is appropriate. If the fair value of the collateral is greater than the recorded investment in the loan, there is no loss allowance to be recorded. If the fair value of the collateral is lower than the recorded investment in the loan and foreclosure is probable, or foreclosure is not probable but the debtor is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale or operation of the collateral (i.e., falling under the collateral-dependent practical expedient), calculate the allowance for credit losses under the collateral-dependent measurement approach outline under FASB ASC Topic 326-20 and FAM paragraph 81.03 . If applicable to the specific loan, review any coverage provided by the indemnity agreement between the FDIC or National Credit Union Administration and the Reserve Bank. Refer to FASB Topic ASC 326-20-30 for further guidance on credit enhancements within the loss allowance estimate process. 81.08 Unfunded Commitments Identify unfunded commitments that are to be evaluated for likelihood of occurrence For secured lending facilities, the Bank specifies the maximum amount of funding it will provide. The remaining amounts available to borrow under each facility are the "unfunded commitments." Unfunded commitments, such as loan commitments or financial guarantees, represent off-balance sheet credit exposures and should be evaluated for impairment. See paragraph 84.01 Accounting for Guarantees for additional discussion. A liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments is recognized if (1) there is a currently a contractual obligation to extend the credit, and (2) the obligation is not unconditionally cancellable. Expected credit losses should be estimated over the contractual life of the unfunded commitment and should consider the probability that the funding will occur. 81.09 Modifications to Debtors Experiencing Financial Difficulty When a Reserve Bank revises the terms of a loan, this may qualify as a loan modification. The following are types of typical loan modifications: Reduction of the stated interest rate Extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risks Reduction of the principal amount of the debt Reduction of the accrued interest. The effect of most loan modifications provided to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties is already included in the allowance for credit losses under FASB Topics ASC 326-20. Therefore, though most modifications will not result in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses, incremental expected losses that are a result of a loan modification can be captured in the Bank's allowance estimate. The Bank should refer to the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance in FASB Topic ASC 310-20 to determine whether a modification represents a new loan (i.e., as the extinguishment of the original debt instrument and issuance of a new loan) or continuation of an existing loan through modification, as well as specific disclosures required. The loan refinancing or restricting should be accounted for as a new loan when both of the following occur: The new loan's effective yield is at least equal to the effective yield for similar loans. The modifications are more than minor. If these conditions are not met, the refinancing or restructuring should be accounted for as a modification of the original debt instrument, not as a new loan. The loan should be periodically evaluated and, if necessary, adjustments should be recorded to the allowance for loan restructuring and provision for credit loss. If the Bank expects that, after restructuring the loan, it will be able collect all amounts in accordance with the revised terms of the loan agreement, it should continue to record interest income. If, however, the Bank does not expect to collect all amounts in accordance with the revised terms of the loan agreement, it should discontinue recording interest income and follow the procedures described in paragraph 81.05 . 82.01 Consolidation The Federal Reserve offered funding markets access to liquidity by introducing a number of liquidity facilities that were authorized by the Board under Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. The facilities were structured such that a specific Federal Reserve Bank (Bank) provided funding to a legal entity, which in turn acquired certain targeted assets from third party entities. 10 FASB ASC Topic 810-10 requires consolidation of legal entities that are within the scope of the standard to meet the criteria specified in FASB ASC Topic 810-10 for Voting Interest Entity Model and the Variable Interest Entity Model. Two different assessments are provided because a controlling financial interest may be achieved other than by ownership of shares or voting interests. The voting interest entity model Under the voting interest entity model for legal entities other than limited partnerships, the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity. The variable interest entity (VIE) model Under the VIE model,