is awarded to the lowest priced, responsible vendor whose bid meets all the terms and conditions of the request for bid. Negotiated procurement. Negotiated procurement is the process of considering price and other evaluation factors, such as technical ability, to determine which vendor represents the best value to the Board. Negotiated procurement commonly uses an RFQ or SOA to facilitate competition among vendors who are believed to be qualified to perform the work. The CO should attempt to obtain at least three quotations or proposals. This method should be used when other standard acquisition methods are not applicable or when there are tradeoffs in the quality, price, vendor support, timeliness, and reliability of the goods or services being acquired. The contract shall be awarded to the responsible vendor whose quotation or proposal is most advantageous to the Board, considering price and other factors. B. Non-Competitive Methods Despite the Board's preference for using competition to determine contract awards under the standard acquisition methods described above, special circumstances may exist where goods or services must be acquired through alternate methods. The following alternative methods describe the special circumstances under which the Board may procure goods or services with limited or no competition. Except for methods 7 through 14, the facts and circumstances supporting the alternative method must be documented in a justification memorandum and approved in accordance with the Board's Procurement Procedures, before the contract is awarded. Sole source. This method may be used when goods or services are economically available from only one responsible vendor and no other type of good or service will satisfy the Board's requirements. Extending the scope or term of an existing contract under this method is permissible only if it can be shown that award to another vendor is likely to result in substantial duplication of cost to the Board, and that those costs are not expected to be recovered through competition. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the division or office (or their delegate 2 ) that is funding the procurement and will be permitted only if approved by the Procurement Assistant Director (PAD) in consultation with the CAO. Legal Division review is required when the procurement exceeds $200,000 in any contract year. However, if the CFO (or their delegate) makes a request of any amount and is funding the procurement or if a request that exceeds $200,000 in any contract year is made by the General Counsel (or their delegate), the COO must decide whether a sole-source contract award is appropriate. Exigency. This method may be used when the need for the goods or services is of such an unusual and compelling urgency that the Board could incur material risk, financial loss or injury if standard acquisition methods were used. Lack of advance planning in performing market research or initiating a standard acquisition method does not justify an exigency purchase. Further, even when an exigency circumstance is established, the term and scope of the exigency-based contract should be minimized to the length of time that mitigates the Board's immediate risks. Ongoing need for goods or services after the exigency period should be accomplished under a standard acquisition method unless another non-competitive purchase method is approved. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) and decided under the same rubric as set forth for sole source requests. Acquisitions using a non-competitively selected contractor of the National Procurement Office, National Information Technology Office, Office of Employee Benefits, or Federal Reserve Banks(s) (each an "entity" for purposes of this paragraph). When the Board is purchasing the same goods or services as obtained by one of the entities through a non-competitive process and the PAD has determined there is a need for substantial similarity between the Board and the entity in the use of those goods or services, the Board may acquire such goods or services from the contractor selected by the entity without further competition, provided the contractor is a current contractor of the entity. The CO may purchase goods or services from a contractor selected by one of the entities, provided that the goods or services the Board obtains from the entity's contractor are substantively the same as or a subset of those provided under the entity's contract and the entity's contractor will provide such goods and/or services to the Board at the same or lower (unit or prorated) prices or the CO has determined that the price for the goods and/or services is fair and reasonable. The contractor shall also agree to include all terms and conditions the Board deems necessary for its contract with the entity's contractor. Legal Division review is required when the procurement exceeds $200,000 in any contract year. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) and decided under the same rubric as set forth for sole source requests. Research materials and information-service subscriptions. Divisions or offices may procure without competition research materials and subscriptions to information services and publications that contain unique editorial content or that provide compilations of data or information in a way or format that the acquiring division or office deems necessary to fulfilling its business functions. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) and decided under the same rubric as set forth for sole-source requests, except that Legal Division review of the justification memorandums for these procurements, regardless of cost, is not required. Note that Legal Division review of the contract terms is required for research materials and information-service subscriptions that exceed $200,000 in any contract year and for subscriptions of any amount that address intellectual property rights, indemnification obligations, or other subject matters that dictate such review under section (b) of the Acquisition Guidelines, above. Experts and neutrals for litigation. The COO, on behalf of the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and