transactions involving acceptances for several years. 2.75 Securities Held Under Repurchase Agreements (140-075) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to acquire Treasury, federal agency and government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) debt securities, and federal agency and GSE residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) as well as commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) under agreement with a dealer to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities purchased under agreements to resell). (See paragraph 40.15 .) The amounts recorded to this account represent the contractual amount of the securities held under repurchase agreements, but does not include related amounts, such as accrued interest. On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank at the current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 2.80 Federal Agency Obligations: Bought Outright and Held Under Repurchase Agreement (140-100 and 140-125) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to purchase and sell federal agency obligations for the System Open Market Account (SOMA). This account includes federal agency and GSE securities. The securities are bought from or sold to securities dealers and foreign and international accounts maintained at the FRBNY at market prices. By law, the securities must be either direct obligations of an agency of the United States, or fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by such agency. When these securities are purchased or sold, the net amount of the transaction is paid to or collected by the FRBNY from the dealer and only the par value is entered to this account. Other accounts that may be affected are interest accrued, premium on securities, discount on securities and, in the case of sales, profit and loss. The amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts is discussed in paragraphs 4.00 and 11.52 , respectively. The securities are accounted for at amortized cost rather than fair value; therefore, no unrealized gains or losses are recognized. On the day of settlement the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank at the current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 2.90 U.S. Treasury Securities Bought Outright: Bills, Notes, and Bonds (140-150, 140-175, and 140-200) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to purchase and sell U.S. Treasury securities for the SOMA. The securities are bought from or sold to securities dealers and foreign and international accounts maintained at the FRBNY at market prices. By law, the securities must be either direct obligations of the United States, or fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States. Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities are also recorded in this account, the amounts of which are adjusted for inflation compensation. When securities are purchased or sold, the net amount of the transaction is paid to or collected by the FRBNY from the dealer and only the par value is entered to this account. Other accounts that may be affected are interest accrued, premium on securities, discount on securities and, in the case of sales, profit and loss. The amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts is discussed in paragraphs 4.00 and 11.52 , respectively. The securities are accounted for at amortized cost rather than fair value; therefore, no unrealized gains or losses are recognized. On the day of settlement the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 2.95 Federal Agency Obligations, U.S. Treasury Securities, and Federal Agency and GSE Mortgage-Backed Securities: Held Under Repurchase Agreement (140-225) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to acquire Treasury, federal agency, and GSE debt securities, and federal agency and GSE RMBS as well as CMBS under agreement with a dealer to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities purchased under agreements to resell). (See paragraph 40.15 .) On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) The repurchase agreements generally consist entirely of agreements through third-party custodial arrangements. The amounts recorded to this account represent the contractual amount of the securities held under repurchase agreements, but does not include related amounts, such as accrued interest. 3.00 U.S. Treasury Securities: Floating Rate Notes (142-125) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to purchase or sell Treasury floating rate notes. On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) The value of these notes are recorded at amortized cost rather than fair value. 3.01 Foreign and International Monetary Authorities Repurchase (142-150) The Federal Reserve established a temporary repurchase agreement facility for foreign and international monetary authorities (FIMA Repo Facility) to help support the smooth functioning of financial markets, including the U.S. Treasury market, and thus maintain the supply of credit to U.S. households and businesses. Outstanding balances under the FIMA Repo program are recorded in this account. 3.03 Loan Fees Deferred (145-040) Nonrefundable fees, such as origination or commitment fees, paid to the Bank by borrowers, based on the terms of the agreement, are recorded in this account. As described in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 310-20, such fees are to be deferred and recognized as income over the life of the loan. The unamortized balance of deferred loan fees should be reported in the Bank's financial statements as an offset to the related loan balance. The periodic amortization of balances in this account should generally be recorded as an addition to interest