Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Banks Federal Reserve Banks Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Overview: Federal Reserve System Boards of Directors Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas City Dallas San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Austan D. Goolsbee President Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Austan D. Goolsbee took office on January 9, 2023, as the 10th president and chief executive officer of the Seventh District, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Before taking office at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Dr. Goolsbee served as the Robert P. Gwinn Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, where he first joined the faculty in 1995. Dr. Goolsbee served as a member and then chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers from 2009 through 2011 and was a member of President Barack Obama's cabinet. He has also served on the Board of Education for the City of Chicago, the Economic Advisory Panel to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Panel of Economic Advisers to the Congressional Budget Office, the U.S. Census Advisory Committee, the Digital Economy Board of Advisors to the Commerce Department, and the External Advisory Group on Digital Technology for the International Monetary Fund. He is known for his empirical research on economic policy, among many other industries, and was named a Fulbright Scholar in 2006 and an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow in 2000. Dr. Goolsbee has a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a BA and MA in economics from Yale University. He is married and has three children. View More Bank Location 230 South LaSalle Street Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 322-5322 Visitor Information Money Museum Head office at Chicago, Illinois. Branch Bank at Detroit, Michigan. Covers the state of Iowa; 68 counties of northern Indiana; 58 counties of northern Illinois; 68 counties of southern Michigan; and 46 counties of southern Wisconsin. Website: https://www.chicagofed.org/ Branches Detroit 1600 East Warren Avenue, Detroit, MI 48207-1063 P.O. Box 1059, Detroit, MI 48231 (313) 961-6880 List of Directors Class A Name Title Term expires December 31 Susan Whitson Chief Executive Officer, First Bank, and President, First of Waverly Corporation Waverly, Iowa 2025 Michael O'Grady Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Northern Trust Chicago, Illinois 2026 Kristin Pruitt President Lake City Bank Warsaw, Indiana 2027 Class B Name Title Term expires December 31 Linda Jojo Former Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer United Airlines, Inc. Chicago, Illinois 2025 David Cyril Habiger Vice Chairman J.D. Power Troy, Michigan 2026 Linda P. Hubbard President and Chief Executive Officer Carhartt, Inc. Dearborn, Michigan 2027 Class C Name Title Term expires December 31 Maurice Smith Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Health Care Service Corporation Chicago, Illinois 2025 Jennifer Scanlon (Chair) President and Chief Executive Officer UL Solutions Northbrook, Illinois 2026 Juan Salgado (Deputy Chair) Chancellor City Colleges of Chicago Chicago, Illinois 2027 DETROIT BRANCH Appointed by the Federal Reserve Bank: Name Title Term expires December 31 Kofi Bonner Chief Executive Officer Bedrock Management Service LLC Detroit, Michigan 2025 Vacancy 2026 Lisa Lunsford Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Global Strategic Supply Solutions Livonia, Michigan 2026 Anika Goss Chief Executive Officer Detroit Future City Detroit, Michigan 2027 Appointed by the Board of Governors: Name Title Term expires December 31 Ronald E. Hall President and Chief Executive Officer Bridgewater Interiors, LLC Detroit, Michigan 2025 Richard Keyes President and Chief Executive Officer Meijer Grand Rapids, Michigan 2026 Philomena Mantella President Grand Valley State University Allendale, Michigan 2027 Back to Top Last Update: June 06, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551