Securities Holdings and Transactions Statistics Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Act Federal Reserve Act Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Official title Section 1. Short title and definitions Section 2. Federal Reserve Districts Section 2A. Monetary policy objectives Section 2B. Appearances Before and Reports to the Congress Section 3. Branch Offices Section 4. Federal Reserve Banks Section 5. Stock Issues; Increase and Decrease of Capital Section 6. Insolvency of member banks Section 7. Division of Earnings Section 8. Conversion of state banks into national banks Section 9. State Banks as Members Section 9A. Participation in lotteries prohibited Section 9B. Resolution of Clearing Banks Section 10. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 10A. Emergency advances to groups of member banks* Section 10B. Advances to Individual Member Banks* Section 11. Powers of Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 11A. Pricing of Services Section 11B. Annual Independent Audits of Federal Reserve Banks and Board Section 11C. Master Account and Services Database Section 12. Federal Advisory Council Section 12A. Federal Open Market Committee Section 13. Powers of Federal Reserve Banks Section 13A.* Discount of agricultural paper Section 14. Open-Market Operations Section 15. Government Deposits Section 16. Note Issues Section 17. Deposit of bonds by national banks Section 18. Refunding Bonds Section 19. Bank Reserves Section 20. National bank notes redemption fund as reserve Section 21. Bank Examinations Section 22. Offenses of examiners, member banks, officers, and directors Section 23. Interbank Liabilities* Section 23A. Relations with affiliates Section 23B. Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates Section 24. Real Estate Loans Section 24A. Investment in Bank Premises or Stock of Corporation Holding Premises Section 25. Foreign Branches Section 25A. Banking Corporations Authorized to Do Foreign Banking Business* Section 25B. Jurisdiction of suits* Section 25C. Potential Liability on Foreign Accounts Section 26. [Repealed] Section 27. Tax on national bank notes Section 28. Reduction of capital of national banks Section 29. Civil Money Penalty Section 30. Saving clause Section 31. Reservation of right to amend Section 25A. Banking Corporations Authorized to Do Foreign Banking Business* 1. Organization Corporations to be organized for the purpose of engaging in international or foreign banking or other international or foreign financial operations, or in banking or other financial operations in a dependency or insular possession of the United States, either directly or through the agency, ownership, or control of local institutions in foreign countries, or in such dependencies or insular possessions as provided by this section, and to act when required by the Secretary of the Treasury as fiscal agents of the United States, may be formed by any number of natural persons, not less in any case than five: Provided , That nothing in this section shall be construed to deny the right of the Secretary of the Treasury to use any corporation organized under this section as depositaries in Panama and the Panama Canal Zone, or in the Philippine Islands and other insular possessions and dependencies of the United States. [12 USC 611. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 378); and amended by act of Feb. 27, 1921 (41 Stat. 1145) and Sept. 17, 1978 (92 Stat. 609). Presidential Proclamation No. 2695 of July 4, 1946 (60 Stat. 1352; 12 USC 1394 note) recognizes the independence of the Philippine Islands. Therefore, the words "in the Philippine Islands and" have been omitted from the U.S. Code.] 2. Purpose The Congress hereby declares that it is the purpose of this section to provide for the establishment of international banking and financial corporations operating under Federal supervision with powers sufficiently broad to enable them to compete effectively with similar foreign-owned institutions in the United States and abroad; to afford to the United States exporter and importer in particular, and to United States commerce, industry, and agriculture in general, at all times a means of financing international trade, especially United States exports; to foster the participation by regional and smaller banks throughout the United States in the provision of international banking and financing services to all segments of United States agriculture, commerce, and industry, and, in particular small business and farming concerns; to stimulate competition in the provision of international banking and financing services, throughout the United States; and, in conjunction with each of the preceding purposes, to facilitate and stimulate the export of United States goods, wares, merchandise, commodities, and services to achieve a sound United States international trade position. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall issue rules and regulations under this section consistent with and in furtherance of the purposes described in the preceding sentence, and, in accordance therewith, shall review and revise any such rules and regulations at least once every five years, the first such period commencing with the effective date of rules and regulations issued pursuant to section 3(a) of the International Banking Act