participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.30 Foreign Currency Denominated Investments The FRBNY, on behalf of the Reserve Banks, holds foreign currency deposits and foreign government debt instruments denominated in foreign currencies with foreign central banks and the Bank for International Settlements (BIS). The FRBNY may also enter into transactions to purchase Euro denominated government debt securities under agreements to resell; these transactions are treated as financing transactions where the repurchase agreement is recorded as an asset and interest income is accrued on a daily basis. Balances result from the execution of transactions and foreign currency interventions for the purpose of stabilizing fluctuations in international flows and exchange values of various currencies and other needs specified by the FOMC. This balance includes the amortization of premiums and discounts. Foreign currency denominated investments, realized and unrealized gains and losses, and interest are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the foreign SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) Investments denominated in foreign currencies are accounted for at cost on a settlement-date basis, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the effective interest method. These investments are backed by the full faith and credit of the issuing foreign governments, or are contracts with the foreign central banks or the BIS. Foreign currency denominated investments of the Reserve Banks are revalued daily at current market exchange rates, with any translation gains or losses recognized in profit and loss. Interest income is recorded on the accrual basis. Any negative interest associated with these foreign currency denominated investments is included in interest income and also recorded on the accrual basis. Gains and losses resulting from sales of securities are determined by specific issue based on average cost. 40.35 Euro Reverse Repurchase Agreements The FRBNY, on behalf of the Reserve Banks, may enter into euro reverse repurchase agreements, under which foreign currencies are sold under agreements to repurchase. The FRBNY pays interest at a specified interest rate. These transactions are treated as financing transactions where the currency received is treated as a liability and interest payable is accrued on a daily basis. The liability for euro reverse repurchase agreements, as well as the related accrued interest and interest expense is participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the foreign SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.40 SOMA Portfolio Holdings—Impairments The FRBNY evaluates SOMA securities holdings for impairment resulting from credit risk. The periodic allowance for credit loss evaluation should be reviewed by RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Separately, if SOMA securities are determined to be impaired, the impact of recording and disclosing the credit impairment requires RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section approval. 40.50 Central Bank Liquidity Swaps Central Bank liquidity swaps, which can be structured as either U.S. dollar liquidity or foreign currency liquidity swap arrangements, are short-term currency arrangements, generally for up to one year, between two parties, the FRBNY, on behalf of the Reserve Banks, and an FOMC authorized foreign central bank. The parties mutually agree to exchange their currencies up to a prearranged maximum amount and for an agreed-upon period of time. These arrangements give the Federal Reserve temporary access to the foreign currencies that it needs to support its international operations and gives the authorized foreign central bank temporary access to dollars. Subject to the swap agreement provisions, the FRBNY may invest the foreign currencies received under the swap arrangements in interest-bearing instruments, and the interest income on these holdings is accrued and included in interest income on investments denominated in foreign currencies. Each day the swap commitments (both the foreign currency received and the obligation) are revalued at current exchange rates. Any gains or losses resulting from the revaluation of the resulting foreign currency holdings are participated among the Reserve Banks based on the Bank's designated share of the foreign SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) U.S. dollar liquidity swaps At the initiation of each U.S. dollar liquidity swap transaction, the foreign central bank transfers a specified amount of its currency to a restricted account for the FRBNY in exchange for U.S. dollars at the prevailing market exchange rate. Concurrent with this transaction, the FRBNY and the foreign central bank agree to a second transaction that obligates the foreign central bank to return the U.S. dollars and the FRBNY to return the foreign currency on a specified future date at the same exchange rate as the initial transaction. The foreign currency amounts the FRBNY acquires is reported as an asset. The foreign central bank compensates the FRBNY based on the amount outstanding and the rate under the swap agreement. The compensation received during the term of the swap transaction is reported as interest income. Foreign currency liquidity swaps The structure of foreign currency liquidity swap transactions involves the transfer by the FRBNY, at the prevailing market exchange rate, of a specified amount of U.S. dollars to an account for the foreign central bank in exchange for its currency. The foreign currency amount received is reported as a liability. The FRBNY compensates the foreign central bank based on the amount outstanding and the rate under the swap agreement. The compensation paid during the term of the swap transaction is reported as interest expense. 40.55 Warehousing Agreement The FOMC has an agreement to "warehouse" foreign currencies for the U.S. Treasury and the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF). This is an arrangement under which the FOMC agrees to exchange, at the request of the Treasury, U.S. dollars for foreign currencies held by the Treasury or ESF for a limited period of time. The purpose of the warehousing facility is to supplement the U.S. dollar resources of the Treasury and ESF for financing purchases of foreign currencies and related international operations. In general, this transaction is similar to the swap; however, the parties are the FRBNY and the Treasury. Warehousing agreements are valued daily at current