common management, for current income, appreciation, or both. Unit ownership. Ownership in the investment company is represented by units of investment, such as shares of stock or partnership interests, to which proportionate shares of net assets can be attributed. Pooling of funds. The funds of the investment company's owners are pooled to provide owners access to professional investment management. Reporting entity. The investment company is the primary reporting entity. FASB ASC Topic 946-10 provides additional insight. 12 See paragraph 82.07 , definition matrix of investment company, for further discussion. 82.03 Reconsideration of the Primary Beneficiary A Bank with an interest in a VIE shall reconsider whether it is the primary beneficiary throughout the reporting period or if one of the following events occurs: The legal entity's governing documents or contractual arrangements are changed in a manner that reallocates between the existing primary beneficiary and other unrelated parties (1) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the VIE or (2) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the VIE. The primary beneficiary sells or otherwise disposes of all or part of its variable interests to unrelated parties. The legal entity undertakes additional activities, or acquires additional assets beyond those that were anticipated at the inception of the VIE formation, that increase the entity's expected losses. The legal entity issues new variable interests to parties other than the primary beneficiary or its related parties. The legal entity becomes subject to consolidation by financial interest holders because the equity investors, as a group, lose the power (typically represented by voting rights or similar rights) to direct the activities of the entity in a manner that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance. A variable interest holder does not subsequently become the primary beneficiary simply because the actual losses of the VIE exceed the expected losses. 82.04 Accounting for the Legal Entities The assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests shall be accounted for in consolidated financial statements as if the VIE were consolidated based on voting interests. Any specialized accounting requirements applicable to the VIE's business, assets, and liabilities shall be applied. Intercompany balances and transactions should be eliminated. 82.05 Disclosure The primary beneficiary of a VIE shall disclose the following: The carrying amounts and classification of the variable interest entity's assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position that are consolidated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 810-10, including qualitative information about the relationship(s) between those assets and liabilities. Lack of recourse if creditors (or beneficial interest holders) of a consolidated variable interest entity have no recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary. Terms of arrangements, giving consideration to both explicit arrangements and implicit variable interests that could require the Bank to provide financial support to the variable interest entity, including events or circumstances that could expose the Bank to a loss. If the Bank holds a significant variable interest, but is not the primary beneficiary, it should disclose the following: The carrying amounts and classification of the assets and liabilities in the Bank's statement of financial position that relate to the Bank's variable interest in the entity. The Bank's maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the variable interest entity, including how the maximum exposure is determined and the significant sources of the Bank's exposure to the variable interest entity. If the Bank's maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the variable interest entity cannot be quantified, that fact shall be disclosed. A tabular comparison of the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities, as required by (a) above, and the Bank's maximum exposure to loss, as required by (b) above. A Bank shall provide qualitative and quantitative information to allow financial statement users to understand the differences between the two amounts. That discussion shall include, but is not limited to, the terms of arrangements, giving consideration to both explicit arrangements and implicit variable interests, that could require the Bank to provide financial support (for example, liquidity arrangements and obligations to purchase assets) to the variable interest entity, including events or circumstances that could expose the Bank to a loss. Information about any liquidity arrangements, guarantees, and/or other commitments by third parties that may affect the fair value or risk of the Bank's variable interest in the variable interest entity. If applicable, significant factors considered and judgments made in determining that the power to direct the activities of the variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance is shared. Information about VIEs may be reported in the aggregate for similar VIEs if separate reporting would not add additional information. Any specialized disclosure requirements applicable to the VIE's business, assets, and liabilities shall be applied. 82.06 Framework for Considering the Consolidation of Legal Entities Framework for considering the consolidation of legal entities Accessible Version | Return to text 82.07 Definition Matrix of Investment Company FASB ASC Topic 946-10 Guidance—definition matrix of investment company—FASB ASC Topic 946-10 Legal entity The entity should be organized as a separate legal entity Corporation, Partnership, Limited liability company, Grantor trust, REIT, or Other trust. Business purpose For current income, capital appreciation, or both. Entity's activities limited to investment activities No substantive activities other than investing activities; No significant assets or liabilities other than those relating to investment activities. Multiple substantive investments Hold multiple substantive investments simultaneously, either directly or through another investment company. More than one investment concurrently. Exit strategies Identify exit strategies for its investments and the timing (or a range) of when it expects to exit the investments. Not for strategic operating purposes Not to obtain benefits as a result of the investments or through relationships with the investee or its affiliates that are unavailable to non-investor entities. FOLLOWING ARE OTHER FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED WHEN ASSESSING WHETHER AN ENTITY IS INVESTING FOR STRATEGIC OPERATING PURPOSES Number of substantive investors in the entity (pooling of funds) The more extensive the pooling of funds (more investors and smaller ownership interests by