reasonable expectation of collection of all or some of the amounts due, including both the contractual interest and principal payments under the loan agreement, the individual loan is considered to be impaired and the accrual of interest income on that loan should be suspended. The recognition of interest income based on the contractual terms of the loan agreement should be discontinued while the loan is considered impaired because any such interest will not be earned (i.e., the Bank does not expect to collect all of the interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement). Subsequent Payments on Impaired Loans Two accounting practices exist for recording cash payments that are periodically received on the impaired loans: the cash basis method and the modified cost recovery method. The Banks should apply the modified cost recovery method to recover the investment in the loan prior to recognizing interest income, unless contract terms specify treatment. This method is more conservative because it defers income recognition until the principal is recovered. Cash Basis Method Under the cash basis method, payments of interest received are recorded as interest income provided the amount does not exceed that which would have been earned at the historical effective interest rate. Modified Cost Recovery Method Under the modified cost recovery method, any interest or principal received is recorded as a direct reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. When the recorded investment has been fully collected, any additional amounts collected are recognized as interest income. This method may result in the recorded investment being less than the present value of the loan because the recorded investment excludes interest income and the present value includes interest. 81.06 Valuation Allowance Adjustments For impairment models leveraging the present value of future cash flow approach, at the end of the reporting period, changes in the loan's impaired basis due to the passage of time (changes in discounted present value) are reflected in the income statement using either the interest method or the bad debt expense method. Because it is more consistent to apply across the spectrum of programs offered by Reserve Banks, the Banks should apply the bad debt expense method. Interest Method The change in the present value of a loan should be assessed to identify the changes because of the passage of time and the changes that are because of the amount or timing of expected future cash flows. The increase in present value attributable to the passage of time can be reported as interest income accrued on the net carrying amount of the loan. The change in present value, if any, attributable to changes in the amount or timing of expected future cash flows can be reported as bad debt expense or as a reduction in the amount of bad debt expense that otherwise would be reported. Bad-Debt Expense Method The entire change in present value can be reported as bad debt expense or as a reduction in the amount of bad debt expense that otherwise would be reported. 81.07 Program Specific Analysis Loans and relevant financing receivables should be evaluated quarterly, in accordance with the process described below. Each Reserve Bank should establish appropriate oversight of the review process, including review by the Chief Financial Officer and other Reserve Bank senior management, as appropriate. Based on a Reserve Bank's daily monitoring, if a loan is deemed to be impaired, the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section should be notified immediately. The quarterly process includes the following: Identification of loans and relevant financing receivables that need to be evaluated under FASB ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses. For loans and relevant financing receivables for which an allowance for credit loss estimate was determined to be necessary under FASB Topic ASC 326 in previous periods, review key inputs, methodology, and assumptions into the allowance for credit loss to ensure that any requisite changes to the estimate are updated and properly reviewed. For loans and relevant financing receivables (for newly originated or purchased financial assets), determine the appropriate estimate methodology, and key inputs and assumptions to develop an allowance for credit loss for instances where the Bank has concluded that there is an expected credit loss (even when considered remote). See paragraph 81.03 for guidance on developing an allowance for credit loss estimate. For loans and relevant financing receivables for which the "zero-loss expectation" exception has been elected, review previous facts and circumstances supporting that conclusion to ensure the "zero loss" assertion is still appropriate. On a quarterly basis, the Bank should submit its quarterly credit loss evaluation and the relevant supporting documentation to RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section by the 20th of the month following quarter-end, or the next business day if the 20th is a weekend or holiday. The analysis should be prepared in a format acceptable to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Primary, Secondary, and Seasonal Credit; and Emergency Credit The Federal Reserve Banks' lending serves as a backup source of liquidity for depository institutions. At times when the normal functioning of financial markets is disrupted, Federal Reserve Banks' lending can become a principal channel for supplying liquidity to depository institutions and other entities. Regulation A , Extensions of Credit by Federal Reserve Banks, governs borrowing by depository institutions and provides terms and conditions for several lending programs, detailed below. The terms under which a depository institution may obtain advances from, incur obligations to, or pledge collateral to a Federal Reserve Bank in borrowing are set forth in Operating Circular No. 10 , which is issued by each Reserve Bank. Primary credit is only available to depository institutions in generally sound financial condition for periods as long as 90 days, prepayable and renewable by the borrower on a daily basis. 6 Primary credit is generally priced at a rate above the FOMC's target for the federal funds rate. Secondary credit is available to depository institutions not eligible for primary credit. 7 It is extended on a very short-term