as stopping contributions to a 401(k) account; or (ii) decrease their contribution amount. However, a covered individual cannot initiate a new qualifying automatic trade program or make any other change to a qualifying automatic trade program during such a time. Q57: How does the one-year holding period apply to assets purchased or sold through qualifying automatic trades? Updated: 2/5/2024 A57: The FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff defines a "qualifying automatic trade" as a trade that happens on a periodic, pre-determined basis in connection with a transaction that is permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Under section 2(h)(2) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, qualifying automatic trades are exempt from the requirements in section 2(b) through (d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, which includes the one-year holding period requirement described in section 2(b). The purchase of an asset through a qualifying automatic trade does not mean that the asset is categorically exempt from the minimum holding period in the future. Rather, assets are exempt from the minimum holding period in section 2(b) so long as any trades in the asset (either purchases or sales) are effectuated through a qualifying automatic trade. If a covered individual wishes to sell shares in an asset through a trade that is not a qualifying automatic trade, the covered individual may only do so if the asset has been held for a year after purchase (and meets other relevant requirements, such as advance notice and pre-clearance as described in section 2(c) of the Policy for Covered Individuals). Example : A covered individual schedules an automatic contribution of $250 into a 401(k) retirement account every month and uses the 401(k) contributions to purchase shares in two diversified mutual funds, Fund A and Fund B. These transactions are qualifying automatic trades because they are periodic (every month), pre-determined, and automatic; the entire investment approach is a qualifying automatic trade program. After the covered individual requests 45-days’ advance notice for the entire qualifying automatic trade program and obtains preapproval for the program, the $250 contributions and related share purchases do not need to meet the advance notice and pre-clearance requirements. So long as the covered individual’s future trades involving these assets are qualifying automatic trades, the assets are not subject to the minimum holding period. For example, if the covered individual sets up an automatic rebalancing of the 401(k) portfolio every six months as part of the qualifying automatic trade program, any purchases or sales of shares of Fund A and Fund B that result from the automatic rebalancing will be permissible, even though the shares of Fund A and Fund B may not have been held for one year. Conversely, any future trades involving the 401(k) account’s mutual fund holdings will be subject to the minimum holding period if the future trade is not a qualifying automatic trade. If, for example, six months after the covered individual begins the recurring $250 contributions, the covered individual wants to sell all their holdings in Fund A and use the proceeds to buy more shares in Fund B in a one-time transaction, the minimum holding period will apply to the Fund A shares. The covered individual may only engage in that trade after the covered individual has owned all the shares in Fund A for one year. The one-time sale of Fund A shares and purchase of Fund B shares will also be subject to the advance notice and pre-clearance requirements. Q58: Can you use a qualifying automatic trade to purchase additional shares in a diversified mutual fund? Updated: 4/15/2022 A58: Yes. Purchasing a fixed dollar amount of shares in a diversified mutual fund on a pre-determined schedule, such as the first of every month, would constitute a qualifying automatic trade. Q59: Can you use a qualifying automatic trade to purchase individual equity securities or sector funds? Updated: 2/5/2024 A59: No. The definition of qualifying automatic trade is "a trade that happens on a periodic, pre-determined basis in connection with a transaction that is permissible under this policy ." A purchase that is impermissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals is not a qualifying automatic trade. Example : On the date they became covered under the policy, a covered individual owns $500 of shares in company Z, which equals 50 shares. The covered individual has an automatic dividend reinvestment plan through which the covered individual’s dividends from company Z are automatically used to purchase more stock in company Z. On the date they became covered, the covered individual may continue to hold the 50 shares in company Z but cannot use an automatic dividend reinvestment plan to purchase more stock of company Z. The covered individual must receive dividends from the shares in cash. Q60: Are trades executed by an automated investment account ("robo-account") that only purchases diversified funds permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A60: Yes. A trade executed by a robo-account is a "qualifying automatic trade," provided that the robo-account automatically purchases (via a pre-set algorithm) permissible assets under the policy. Q61: Does the definition of "qualifying automatic trade" include contributions to defined contribution plans sponsored by a private company or a state or local government? Updated: 2/5/2024 A61: Yes. A pre-scheduled, periodic, contribution to a private company or state or local government defined contribution plan (such as an automated salary deferral) is a qualifying automatic trade, provided that any purchases made with the contributions involve permissible assets under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Q62: Is an automatic dividend reinvestment plan for a diversified mutual fund or diversified ETF a permissible qualifying automatic trade program? Updated: 4/15/2022 A62: Yes. Mutual funds and ETFs generally distribute dividends on a quarterly basis, although some may issue dividends more infrequently (such as annually). Covered individuals may choose to automatically reinvest dividends issued by a diversified mutual fund or diversified ETF, and these will be considered permissible qualifying automatic trade programs. Q63: Are limit orders considered to be qualifying