procure goods, services, or real property for use in conducting the operations of the Board as approved in the Board's budget or by a program change request. This authority may be further delegated. Except as stated below, all contracts must be initiated, finalized, and administered by the Procurement Function (Procurement) in the Division of Financial Management: The CAO re-delegates to staff in the Research and Legal libraries who are authorized to procure books, periodicals, data, and other materials (including electronic resources) the authority to make such purchases without further review or approval by Procurement and without regard to the procedures set forth in the "Acquisition Guidelines" section below, provided that the total cost of any individual purchase does not exceed $50,000 in any contract year. Purchases shall not be artificially divided to permit the use of this delegated authority. The CAO re-delegates to staff who are authorized to use P-Cards the authority to purchase items under their P-Card limits and consistent with the Board's P-Card Procedures. Any contracts resulting from purchases made with a P-Card will be administered by the acquiring division or office, unless the acquiring division or office requests that Procurement execute the purchase under its P-Card authority, in which circumstance Procurement will be responsible for administration of the contracts arising from such use. As set forth in the Delegations of Administrative Authority, procurements by the Board's Inspector General, when the Inspector General has determined that operational necessity warrants, are not subject to further review or approval and are not subject to the procedures set forth in the Procurement Procedures. In all other circumstances, however, procurements for the Office of Inspector General shall follow the Board's Procurement Procedures. Acquisition Guidelines The Board prefers to acquire goods and services through open and fair competition, using one of the standard acquisition methods listed below, because that process is generally the most reliable way of ensuring that the Board is obtaining the highest quality goods and services for the best available prices. Thus, one of the standard acquisition methods must be used unless the conditions for a non-competitive purchase are met. To foster use of competitive methods, the term of a contract (including all options to renew) may not exceed 60 months unless the CAO determines that exceptional circumstances apply. All acquisitions must also adhere to the Board's Procurement Procedures. Procurement actions shall not be artificially divided to avoid any of the required reviews set forth in this Acquisition policy or the Procurement Procedures. The Legal Division must review all procurement actions whose value exceeds or is expected to exceed $200,000 in any contract year, with the following exceptions: Legal Division review is required for any contract, regardless of expected annual cost, whose terms address copyrights, patents, or other intellectual property rights, indemnification obligations, application of foreign law, or waivers or disclaimers of liability. Legal Division review is not required for justification memorandums for certain non-competitive methods of acquisition as noted below. Legal Division review will occur as noted below for specific types of procurements. Legal Division review for procurement actions may be requested by Procurement regardless of expected annual contract cost or acquisition method when Procurement deems such review to be beneficial to the Board's interests. A. Standard Acquisition Methods The Board's standard acquisition methods for obtaining the highest quality goods and services for the best prices include the following methodologies. Before purchasing a good or non-hourly priced service using standard acquisition methods 5 and 6, the Board shall conduct market research to determine whether the good or non-hourly priced service is available under standard acquisition methods 2 or 3 that best meet the Board's needs in terms of price, quality, and time of delivery. Before purchasing an hourly priced service using standard acquisition methods 5 and 6, the Board shall conduct market research to determine whether the hourly priced service is available under standard acquisition method 3 that best meets the Board's needs in terms of price and quality. Micro-purchase procedures. This process may be used when goods and services have a total cost at or less than the micro-purchase threshold. Informal price and/or quality comparisons are encouraged but not required. Procurements at or less than the micro-purchase threshold should generally be made by P-Card to minimize the Board's administrative costs. Procurement actions shall not be artificially divided to meet the micro-purchase threshold. Acquisitions from the General Services Administration's Federal Supply Schedule or other federal/governmentwide contract or schedule. This method may be used when a vendor has a contract or schedule to sell goods and/or services to the federal government that is listed on the General Services Administration's Federal Supply Schedule (GSA Schedule). The CO may purchase goods or services listed on another federal agency's contract or governmentwide contract or schedule, provided the Legal Division has determined that such contracts or schedules operate in a manner that is consistent with the GSA Schedule. The Board may purchase the goods and services listed on such vendor contract or schedule without considering other vendors, except when the Board is purchasing services that are priced hourly. For services that are priced hourly, the CO should, in conjunction with the Contracting for Services policy, attempt to obtain at least three quotations and select a vendor whose quotation is most advantageous to the Board, considering price and other factors. The CO may negotiate for pricing or other contract terms more favorable than what is listed in the government schedule or contract. For administrative convenience, the CO may add items not on the contract or schedule only if the purchase of the items not on the contract or schedule meet another acquisition method stated in this policy, and the total price for the items not on the contract or schedule and the schedule items does not exceed the price of the schedule items alone, or the CO has determined that the price for the items not on the contract or schedule is fair and reasonable, and all clauses applicable to the items not on the