of expenses reimbursed. Operating expenses include the service cost component associated with the Reserve Bank's future obligation to provide medical and life insurance benefits to retirees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715-60. Reimbursements . Receipts representing recoupment of expenses incurred in performing prescribed activities as Fiscal Agent for the Treasury and other Federal agencies. Recoveries . All receipts other than those defined as Revenue, Income and Reimbursements, including receipts that are not material in amount received in connection with services incidentally related to priced services. Accrued Expenses Estimated. The balance of this subaccount and the liability account Accrued Expenses Unpaid—Estimated (240-200) provides for the accrual of net operating expenses on an estimated basis during the month. (See paragraph 11.56 .) System Net Periodic Pension Cost. This account is used to record the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost related to the Federal Reserve System Plan, computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Subtopic 715-30. This account is also used to record at least monthly the net pension costs associated with the nonqualified retirement Benefit Equalization Plan and the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Selected Officers of the Federal Reserve Banks accruals (see paragraph 11.84 ). The OEB provides information necessary to process entries to this account. 12.33 Other Components of Net Benefit Costs (330-060) This account is used to record at least monthly the components of net periodic pension cost for all retirement plans, exclusive of the service cost component, in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 715. There is also a monthly recording of the other cost components, exclusive of the service cost component, associated with the Reserve Bank's future obligation to provide medical and life insurance benefits to retirees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715-60. 12.36 Interest on Reserves and Term Deposits—Interest Expense (330-078) Interest is paid to depository institutions for balances held in their account at a Federal Reserve Bank. The interest on depository institutions' balances is calculated daily at the IORB rate. Payments are made a day after the maintenance period is finalized. Accruals are recorded in liability account Interest on Reserves Accounts—Interest Due to Depository Institutions (240-430) each business day as interest is earned. Interest is also paid for term deposits held by eligible depository institutions. The cost of interest on reserves balances and on term deposits is recorded to this account. 12.37 Provision for Credit Loss Expense (330-080) Reserve Banks are required to recognize lifetime expected credit losses on a loan measured at amortized cost, regardless of whether the risk of credit loss is determined to be remote. In the event that it would be needed, detailed instructions on how to recognize, measure, and record an allowance for credit loss are provided in paragraph 81.01 , Allowance for Credit Losses. The Reserve Banks should use account 330-080 to record the expense provision. The provision for credit loss expense recorded in this account must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 12.40 Profit and Loss (330-100) This account is used for recording income and losses which are not current in nature or are not applicable to current earnings or current expenses. These include realized gains and losses on sales of securities and on foreign currencies, profit or loss on the sale of real estate (originally acquired for potential Bank use), the write-off of stale officers' and certified checks ( paragraph 10.80 ), losses that are sustained in the handling or transportation of currency, recoveries and unrealized losses on the value of other real estate (originally acquired for potential Bank use) held for sale, and gains or losses on works of art. The account should not normally be used to adjust prior year income or expenses except for the correction of prior year accounting errors when the amount would seriously distort income or expenses of the current year. Entries to the account for prior year items may be made only with the prior approval of the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. The profit and loss account should not include dividends and rebates on insurance policies or any additional premium payments on worker's compensation or other insurance regardless of the year for which the refunds or additional payments apply. Such amounts should be entered to current year income or expenses. Other items from the previous year, which should normally be applied to current year income or expenses rather than profit and loss, are receipts from vending machines, refunds from courier contracts, adjustments for the difference between accounts payable and the actual billings, and adjustments for the difference between accrued income from services and actual billings. The profit and loss account should also exclude losses arising from the ongoing operations of the Reserve Banks. Any such losses should be charged to current expense. The balance represents the net total of miscellaneous entries, such as the following: Profit (loss) on sale of Bank premise assets or other real estate —The difference between net book value and the proceeds from the sale of Bank premises assets and other real estate (formerly used in bank operations). Recoveries and unrealized losses on the value of other real estate held for sale —The difference between net book value and net realizable value of other real estate (formerly used in Bank operations) held for sale. (See 30.97 . ) Profit (loss) on sale of "Other assets—claims account closed banks" —Book profit or loss resulting from the sale (or other final disposal) of "Other assets—claims account closed banks." When an allowance for estimated losses on such property is carried, the entire difference between gross carrying value of the particular asset and the proceeds received, if disposition results in a loss, may be charged to the allowance unless such a charge would result in a debit balance therein, in which case the excess should be charged to Profit and loss. If disposition results in a profit, the excess should be credited to Profit and loss. Losses (not expected to be recovered) on