Stat. 971), which completely revised this section; amended by act of Sept. 3, 1954 (68 Stat. 1236). Sections 217, 218, 219, and 220 were respectively redesignated sections 212, 213, 214, and 215 by the act of Oct. 23, 1962 (76 Stat. 1125).] Loans to executive officers by member banks (g) Except as authorized under this subsection, no member bank may extend credit in any manner to any of its own executive officers. No executive officer of any member bank may become indebted to that member bank except by means of an extension of credit which the bank is authorized to make under this subsection. Any extension of credit under this subsection shall be promptly reported to the board of directors of the bank, and may be made only if-- The bank would be authorized to make it to borrowers other than its officers; it is on terms not more favorable than those afforded other borrowers; the officer has submitted a detailed current financial statement; and it is on condition that it shall become due and payable on demand of the bank at any time when the officer is indebted to any other bank or banks on account of extensions of credit of any one of the three categories respectively referred to in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) in an aggregate amount greater than the amount of credit of the same category that could be extended to him by the bank of which he is an officer. A member bank may make a loan to any executive officer of the bank if, at the time the loan is made-- it is secured by a first lien on a dwelling which is expected, after the making of the loan, to be owned by the officer and used by him as his residence, and no other loan by the bank to the officer under authority of this paragraph is outstanding. A member bank may make extensions of credit to any executive officer of the bank, to finance the education of the children of the officer. A member bank may make extensions of credit not otherwise specifically authorized under this subsection to any executive officer of the bank, in an amount prescribed in a regulation of the member bank's appropriate Federal banking agency. Except to the extent permitted under paragraph (4), a member bank may not extend credit to a partnership in which one or more of its executive officers are partners having either individually or together a majority interest. For the purposes of paragraph (4), the full amount of any credit so extended shall be considered to have been extended to each officer of the bank who is a member of the partnership. This subsection does not prohibit any executive officer of a member bank from endorsing or guaranteeing for the protection of the bank any loan or other asset previously acquired by the bank in good faith or from incurring any indebtedness to the bank for the purpose of protecting the bank against loss or giving financial assistance to it. Each day that any extension of credit in violation of this subsection exists is a continuation of the violation for the purposes of section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe such rules and regulations, including definitions of terms, as it deems necessary to effectuate the purposes and to prevent evasions of this subsection. [12 USC 375a. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 182); amended by Public Resolution approved June 14, 1935 (49 Stat. 375); and by acts of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 716); April 25, 1938 (52 Stat. 223); June 20, 1939 (53 Stat. 842); July 3, 1967 (81 Stat. 109); Nov. 10, 1978 (92 Stat. 3665); Oct. 15, 1982 (96 Stat. 1522); Sept. 23, 1994 (108 Stat. 2233); and Oct. 13, 2006 (120 Stat. 1978).] Extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, and principal shareholders of member banks (h) In General. No member bank may extend credit to any of its executive officers, directors, or principal shareholders, or to any related interest of such a person, except to the extent permitted under paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (6). Preferential Terms Prohibited. In General. A member bank may extend credit to its executive officers, directors, or principal shareholders, or to any related interest of such a person, only if the extension of credit-- is made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions by the bank with persons who are not executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, or employees of the bank; does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and the bank follows credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than those applicable to comparable transactions by the bank with persons who are not executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, or employees of the bank. Exception. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit any extension of credit made pursuant to a benefit or compensation program-- that is widely available to employees of the member bank; and that does not give preference to any officer, director, or principal shareholder of the member bank, or to any related interest of such person, over other employees of the member bank. Prior Approval Required. A member bank may extend credit to a person described in paragraph (1) in an amount that, when aggregated with the amount of all other outstanding extensions of credit by that bank to each such person and that person's related interests, would exceed an amount prescribed by regulation of the appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) only if-- the extension of credit has been approved in advance by a majority vote of that bank's entire board of directors; and the interested party has abstained from participating, directly or indirectly, in the deliberations or voting on the extension of credit.