Topic ASC 326 in previous periods, review key inputs, methodology, and assumptions into the allowance for credit loss to ensure that any requisite changes to the estimate are updated and properly reviewed. For loans and relevant financing receivables (for newly originated or purchased financial assets), determine the appropriate estimate methodology, and key inputs and assumptions to develop an allowance for credit loss for instances where the Bank has concluded that there is an expected credit loss (even when considered remote). See paragraph 81.03 for guidance on developing an allowance for credit loss estimate. For loans and relevant financing receivables for which the "zero-loss expectation" exception has been elected, review previous facts and circumstances supporting that conclusion to ensure the "zero loss" assertion is still appropriate. On a quarterly basis, the Bank should submit its quarterly credit loss evaluation and the relevant supporting documentation to RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section by the 20th of the month following quarter-end, or the next business day if the 20th is a weekend or holiday. The analysis should be prepared in a format acceptable to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Primary, Secondary, and Seasonal Credit; and Emergency Credit The Federal Reserve Banks' lending serves as a backup source of liquidity for depository institutions. At times when the normal functioning of financial markets is disrupted, Federal Reserve Banks' lending can become a principal channel for supplying liquidity to depository institutions and other entities. Regulation A , Extensions of Credit by Federal Reserve Banks, governs borrowing by depository institutions and provides terms and conditions for several lending programs, detailed below. The terms under which a depository institution may obtain advances from, incur obligations to, or pledge collateral to a Federal Reserve Bank in borrowing are set forth in Operating Circular No. 10 , which is issued by each Reserve Bank. Primary credit is only available to depository institutions in generally sound financial condition for periods as long as 90 days, prepayable and renewable by the borrower on a daily basis. 6 Primary credit is generally priced at a rate above the FOMC's target for the federal funds rate. Secondary credit is available to depository institutions not eligible for primary credit. 7 It is extended on a very short-term basis, typically overnight, at a rate that is above the primary credit rate. Secondary credit is available to meet backup liquidity needs when its use is consistent with a timely return by the borrower to a reliance on market sources of funding or the orderly resolution of a troubled institution. Secondary credit may not be used to fund an expansion of the borrower's assets. The secondary credit program entails a higher level of Reserve Bank administration and oversight than the primary credit program. A Reserve Bank must have sufficient information about a borrower's financial condition and reasons for borrowing to ensure that an extension of secondary credit would be consistent with the purpose of the facility. Seasonal credit is a lending program thatis available to assist small depository institutions with demonstrated liquidity pressures of a seasonal nature and will not normally be available to institutions with deposits of $500 million or more. 8 Depository institutions that experience fluctuations in deposits and loans—caused by seasonal types of business—frequently qualify for the seasonal lending program. The interest rate applied to seasonal credit is a floating rate based on market rates. Emergency credit is available only in unusual and exigent circumstances under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition to being subject to other requirements, such extensions of emergency credit may be made only pursuant to a program or facility authorized by the Board of Governors and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury. Federal Reserve Banks extend credit on a secured basis. Satisfactory collateral generally includes United States government and federal-agency securities, foreign debt, municipal and corporate debt, commercial paper and bank-issued assets, and commercial and consumer obligations, including real estate related loans. Collateral must be of acceptable credit quality to the Reserve Bank and performing under its terms and conditions. In accordance with Operating Circular No. 10, the borrower assigns to the lending Reserve Bank a continuing security interest in and lien on the collateral as collateral security for the timely and complete payment and performance when due. Reserve Banks take additional steps to perfect their security interest under the provisions set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code. Assets accepted as collateral are assigned a lending value (market or face value reduced by a margin) deemed appropriate by the Reserve Bank. 9 The financial condition of an institution and the impairment of any collateral are considered when assigning value. The lending Reserve Bank may request the borrower to replace any item of collateral or pledge additional collateral at any time. Operating Circular No. 10 specifies that, in the event of a default, the Bank may pursue remedies including debiting (or causing to be debited if the borrower is acting through a correspondent) the borrower's account. Loans are accounted for on the books of the Reserve Bank with which the borrower has the agreement to borrow. The Reserve Bank is required to evaluate credit losses on loans extended through the primary, secondary, and seasonal credit and emergency credit lending programs. Allowance methodology Determine whether loans should be evaluated on a collective (pool) or individual basis Factors to consider in determining whether the loans can be evaluated collectively or individually to develop an estimate for expected credit losses are discussed below: Primary and seasonal credit: While generally overnight, the term for primary credit loans may be up to 90 days; under the seasonal credit program loans can be extended for up to 9 months during a calendar year; These loans are made to depository institutions deemed to be in generally sound financial condition; and The loans require similar types of collateralization and are recourse loans as specified in Operating Circular 10. Assessment: Although some loans may warrant individual assessments