account are Treasury check truncation adjustment items, and other government related adjustment items, where an un-located difference arises between a Reserve Bank and Treasury, or another government agency, and a depository institution has been credited pending resolution of the difference. Treasury check truncation adjustment items where an un-located difference occurs between a depository institution and a Reserve Bank that is float related should be held in the adjustments, net account under items in process of collection or deferred credit items as appropriate. Items that cannot be resolved should be cleared from this account by a credit and offset by a Difference account debit or may be debited directly to current expense as described in paragraph 4.40 . 4.60 Other Real Estate, Net (170-350) Property purchased for future Bank use is reported in this account pending final approval of the site for construction. Upon final approval of the site, the property is transferred to the Bank premises accounts. The net book value of Bank-owned property that has been classified as held for sale (see asset impairment in paragraph 30.95 ) should be transferred to this account and carried at net realizable value. (See paragraph 30.97 .) 4.70 Currency and Coin Exhibits (170-375) Represents the cost of currency and coin contained in exhibits or acquired for display purposes. (Exhibits borrowed from other Reserve Banks or from Treasury are reported as a custody item.) The exhibits are acquired pursuant to the following guidelines: There is no objection to the maintenance of currency and coin exhibits by the Reserve Banks, or to their retaining individual silver dollars or other pieces of coin and currency for actual use in such exhibits. Duplicate pieces of currency and coin that are in excess of exhibit needs should not be held for "trading" purposes, but instead should be returned to Treasury. There is no objection to the Reserve Banks' using the currency and coin received in the ordinary course of business to fill out their exhibits, or to their purchasing individual items from dealers or others for this purpose. It is inappropriate for the Reserve Banks to bid on miscellaneous collections of currency and coin offered for sale by executors of estates or others, and also inappropriate for them to trade or sell currency and coin to collectors and dealers. In those instances where Reserve Banks receive permanent donations of exhibits, this account should reflect an estimate of the fair market value of the exhibit at the time of the donation. The offset should go to the profit and loss account. 4.80 Old Currency Series (170-400) This account contains old currency issues held pending forwarding to Treasury for redemption as mutilated currency as follows: Treasury notes of 1890 Silver certificates, large size Federal Reserve notes, large size United States notes, large and small size National Bank notes, large and small size Federal Reserve Bank notes, large and small size Gold certificates large and small issued prior to January 30, 1934 4.90 Miscellaneous Cash Items (170-425) The account consists of petty cash funds, Canadian and foreign currency and coin that are held pending shipment or exchange. The FRBNY also uses this account for transactions related to the Maiden & Nassau LLC building referenced in paragraph 3.13 . The OEB also uses this account to hold deposits with the trustee. 4.91 Suspense Account—Pricing (170-450) This account includes the net of debit and credit items that have been reversed out of a financial institution's account because of error or other questions. The items are held in this account pending resolution. Those that cannot be resolved and charged back to a financial institution should be removed from this account and from the earnings account to which they were originally entered. Except where there are indications of unreasonable or repetitive exceptions to the billings by the Reserve Bank, some questioned items may not be worth the effort of searching. When such items are credited to the financial institution's account, they should be debited to the earnings account. 4.92 Accrued Service Income (170-475) The purpose of this account is to allow for the recognition of income from services in the month in which it is earned. Accruals may be made daily but should not be less than weekly, on Wednesday or the preceding business day before Wednesday if Wednesday is a holiday, and at the end of the month. The accruals may be on any suitable basis including projections made from the previous month's experience. Accruals within the month are a means for achieving an orderly recognition of earnings. The month-end accrual should be used to adjust the month's earnings to an amount reasonably close to what will actually be realized from the services rendered during the month, unless, of course, the daily or weekly accruals are designed to automatically achieve such results. To avoid duplications in the combined earnings of all Banks, the amounts owed or due from other Reserve Banks should be taken into account in the accrual process. Prior to April 2018, accrued service income (the estimated receivable) was recognized at the Reserve Bank (New York, Atlanta, and Chicago), which recognizes the service income. From April 2018, accrued service income is recorded at the host Bank for billing (Minneapolis) and the off-set is recognized as service income (revenue) at Boston, New York, Atlanta, and Chicago. Transactions related to the accrued service income (an asset) and recognized service income (revenue) are passed among the Reserve Banks using the Interdistrict Settlement account ( paragraph 5.00 ). 4.94 Central Bank Liquidity Swap Accounts (170-525 and 170-530) Central bank liquidity swap facilities include U.S. dollar liquidity and foreign currency liquidity swap arrangements between the FRBNY, acting at the direction of the FOMC, and an FOMC authorized foreign central bank. The parties mutually agree to exchange their currencies up to a prearranged maximum amount, for an agreed-upon period of time. These arrangements give the authorized foreign central bank temporary access to U.S. dollars and give the Federal Reserve temporary access to the foreign currencies to deliver