one combined entry for all Districts to Federal Reserve notes outstanding to adjust for the allocation. 50.65 Currency Destroyed by Treasury Unfit and mutilated currency processed by the Treasury in Washington, D.C., is functioned through the books of the Richmond Reserve Bank. On the day of redemption, Treasury will advise the Richmond Reserve Bank of the amount for each denomination, including the Bank of issue for $500–$10,000 notes. The Richmond Reserve Bank will credit the Treasury's General Account for the total and debit (reduce) notes outstanding. The Federal Reserve Banks are responsible for reimbursement for Treasury's destruction of Federal Reserve currency. Each quarter the Treasury forwards to the Board a voucher, indicating the actual cost for services performed for the destruction of Federal Reserve currency during the previous quarter. RBOPS staff calculates the pro rata amount of each Reserve Bank's assessment based on the Bank's share of the number of notes comprising the System's net liability for Federal Reserve notes outstanding on December 31 of the previous year. Reserve Bank assessment entries will be processed via Same Day Settlement by the Richmond Reserve Bank according to information reported on to RBOPS. 50.70 Monthly Note Allocations The amount of the unfit $1–$100 denominations charged against outstanding Federal Reserve notes during a month will be reallocated by RBOPS in the following month, using percentages prescribed by Treasury for determining silver certificates and United States notes and the formula adopted by RBOPS for allocating Federal Reserve note redemption credit. Cash Departments report the number and face value (amount) of unfit notes destroyed by denomination each day to RBOPS by entering information in the FR5 System. The amount of the unfit notes destroyed is charged to Federal Reserve notes outstanding. After month-end, but no later than the fifth business day of the following month, a Reserve Bank cash department officer certifies the number and amount of notes destroyed reported on the "Monthly Notes Redeemed" screen in the FR5 system. Consistent with the TCOM requirements for daily destruction certification, the Reserve Bank cash department officer may designate other individuals in management to certify monthly notes redeemed by issuing a memo to the file and notifying the RBOPS Financial Reporting and Control Section. To maintain adequate separation of duties, certifying officers or their designees should not have BPS 3000 supervisory access. Data reported must agree with the total of the daily amounts reported destroyed by the cash departments for that month. Following the verification, the FR 5 system will combine the reports and subtract out the Treasury currency portion. The resulting totals for each denomination will be allocated to the Reserve Banks and an electronic mail advice will be sent to each Reserve Bank instructing them to retrieve the entries to be made to their books in the FR5 system. The Richmond Reserve Bank will make one combined entry for all Districts to Federal Reserve notes outstanding to adjust for the allocation. 51.01 Notes Missing from New Packages of Currency New currency is delivered by the BEP in 4000-note packages. Losses resulting from notes missing from these packages are borne by the BEP. When the BEP reaches a determination regarding missing currency, the BEP remits funds to the Reserve Bank or sends replacement notes covering the amount. The Letter of Advice accompanying the check will be addressed to the Vice President in charge of the Cash Department at the Reserve Bank and will include a listing of the serial numbers and denominations of the notes. The BEP will send copies of the letter to (1) the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent in Washington, D.C. and (2) the Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Banking and Cash Management, Financial Management Service. The Assistant Federal Reserve Agent in Washington, D.C. and the Reserve Bank will make entries on their respective records depending on the circumstances, as outlined below. In each case the offsetting entry will be reflected in the charge against Treasury's General Account for the BEP's check. Deficient packages shipped to depository institutions : For notes that were reported missing in the new packages received by depository institutions, the Reserve Bank will credit the institution and debit profit and loss. A credit will then be made to profit and loss. Deficient packages held by Bank : For deficient packages that are in Reserve Bank cash, the Reserve Bank will credit Federal Reserve Notes: Held by Bank and Branches and debit profit and loss. A credit will then be made to profit and loss. Deficient packages held by Agent : For notes that are missing in packages held by the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent, the packages will be issued to the Reserve Bank at the face value as if all notes were present. Upon receipt of such packages, the Reserve Bank will credit Federal Reserve Notes: Held by Bank and Branches by the amount of the shortage and debit profit and loss. A credit will then be made to profit and loss. Notes missing from inventory at Bureau of Engraving and Printing : For all unissued notes (in either note or sheet form) which the BEP determines to be missing from its inventories, the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent will issue the notes as shown on the BEP's Letter of Advice. The Reserve Bank will record two entries: first, credit Federal Reserve notes outstanding and debit profit and loss; and second, credit profit and loss and debit to Treasury general account. 51.50 Statements of the Federal Reserve Agent Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act requires that each Federal Reserve Agent make daily reports to the Board of Governors on issues and withdrawals of Federal Reserve notes; in addition, the Board requires a monthly report in considerable detail. The reports are prepared by the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent in Washington. The daily report, conforming to FR 5, should show the amount of Federal Reserve notes received from Treasury, on hand, and outstanding, and the classification of collateral security held against Federal Reserve notes. The Assistant Agent should communicate to each Bank daily, for