civil union, domestic partnership, or any other relationship other than marriage. Q16: What happens if I anticipate changes in my marital status? Updated: 2/5/2024 A16: If you are planning to get married, please review the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff, these FAQs, and your future spouse’s financial interests to ensure that you are able to comply with the requirements of the policy. If you are living apart from your spouse with the intention of ending the marriage or permanently separating, you should promptly notify, in writing (e.g., via email) the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official, and if applicable, the Reserve Bank ethics official, of these circumstances. Individuals living apart from a spouse with the intention of ending the marriage or permanently separating, or those that are already permanently separated, are not required to report any financial interests solely owned by the spouse, or transactions that are solely initiated by the spouse. If you jointly own assets with your spouse—or anyone else—and you plan to initiate securities transactions involving those assets, the policy’s advance notice and pre-clearance requirements apply to those transactions. Q17: If a covered individual marries, what divestiture period applies? Updated: 2/5/2024 A17: A covered individual who is newly married has six months after the date of marriage to conform their spouse’s assets to the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff. V. Agency securities, real estate investment trusts ("REITs"), and real estate Q18: What are "agency securities"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A18: The FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff defines an agency security as an obligation that is a direct obligation of, or is fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by, any agency of the United States, including the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac). Agency securities include agency debt as well as agency mortgage-backed securities. Q19: What types of REITs are prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A19: Mortgage REITs that have a stated policy of concentrating in agency securities, such as agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities, are impermissible investments under section 1(a)(1)(ii) of the policy. Conversely, equity REITs that concentrate in the ownership of real estate and pay out dividends based on the REIT’s rental income are permissible investments under the policy. If you have questions about REITs, please reach out to a Board or Reserve Bank ethics official. Q20: Are broad real estate mutual funds permissible investments under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A20: Yes. Real estate mutual funds generally invest in securities issued by public real estate companies. Following guidance from the Office of Government Ethics, real estate mutual funds that, for example, have a stated policy of tracking the MSCI US REIT Index, of principally investing in the broader real estate industry, or of making investments in commercial real estate, without focusing on a specific industry or single country other than the United States, are considered diversified funds and are permissible investments under the policy. However, funds that have a specific focus on a certain type of real estate (e.g., resorts or hotels) or on real estate in a specific foreign country would be considered sector funds. Q21: Are real estate investments, such as rental properties, permissible investments under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A21: Yes. VI. Commodity Q22: Does the definition of "commodity" include commodity derivatives? Updated: 2/5/2024 A22: The definition of "commodity" does not include commodity derivatives, but commodity derivatives are still prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Commodity derivatives fall under the definition of "derivative transaction." Section 1(a)(3) of the policy prohibits a covered individual (and their spouse and minor child) from being a counterparty to a derivative transaction. Q23: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit ownership of a small amount of gold or silver held in an investment portfolio? Updated: 2/5/2024 A23: Yes. Section 1(a)(1)(iv) prohibits a covered individual (and their spouse and minor child) from owning or controlling commodities, unless the exemption in section 1(c)(4) applies and the commodities are owned for a noninvestment purpose (e.g., gold wedding bands). There is no de minimis exemption under the policy for commodities held for investment purposes (e.g., gold funds, gold bars, or gold bullion). VII. Control Q24: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat situations where a covered individual or their spouse is named as an executor for an estate? Updated: 2/5/2024 A24: Section 1(a)(1) of the policy states that "[a] covered individual, a covered individual's spouse, and a covered individual's minor children must not own or control " impermissible assets under the policy. If a covered individual or their spouse serves as an executor for an estate, the key question is whether the executor "controls" the estate’s assets. An executor who merely administers the terms of a will is carrying out a ministerial role and would not be viewed as "controlling" the estate’s assets; as a result, the estate would not be subject to the policy’s investment restrictions. In addition, the distribution of estate assets to designated beneficiaries in compliance with the provisions of a will would not be subject to the policy’s trading restrictions. Q25: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat situations where a covered individual or their spouse has a financial power of attorney? Updated: 2/5/2024 A25: As with executors, the key principle is whether the covered individual or their spouse uses their power of attorney to control investment and trading decisions. These scenarios will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Example : A covered individual has a financial power of attorney over the assets of their elderly father. Ethics staff will consider the scope and authority of the covered individual’s financial power of attorney in determining whether the covered individual "controls" the father's assets and, therefore, if the requirements in sections 1 and 2 of the