stability mission of the Fed? What is the decentralized structure of the Fed and why was it designed in that fashion? Has this made the Fed a more stable, longer-lasting institution? Why or why not? Lecture 1, Video Clip 9: The Great Depression Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the economic conditions and events during the Great Depression. Discuss the stock market crash, the change in price levels, the fall in output, the rise in unemployment, and the increase in the number of bank failures. Describe the major causes of the Great Depression and explain how each of them may have contributed. Lecture 1, Video Clip 10: Policy during the Great Depression Questions for Classroom Discussion: Describe monetary policy during the Great Depression. What monetary policy errors were made? Why were those errors committed? Summarize the Fed's policy as a lender of last resort during the Great Depression and evaluate its effects. Discuss the role of the gold standard during the Depression and the resulting level of interest rates in the economy. Lecture 1, Video Clip 11: President Roosevelt's economic policies Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the role of deposit insurance in ensuring financial stability. Why would the abandonment of a gold standard positively affect economic conditions? List the primary monetary and fiscal policies that were used during the Depression. Evaluate the effectiveness of those policies. What can we learn about policy today from that experience? What would be a more effective set of solutions? Accessible Keys for Video [Space Bar] toggles play/pause; [Right/Left Arrows] seeks the video forwards and back (5 sec ); [Up/Down Arrows] increase/decrease volume; [M] toggles mute on/off; [F] toggles fullscreen on/off (Except IE 11); The [Tab] key may be used in combination with the [Enter/Return] key to navigate and activate control buttons, such as caption on/off. Back to Top Last Update: November 17, 2016 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551