has determined there is a need for substantial similarity between the Board and the entity in the use of those goods or services, the Board may acquire such goods or services from the contractor selected by the entity without further competition, provided the contractor is a current contractor of the entity. The CO may purchase goods or services from a contractor selected by one of the entities, provided that the goods or services the Board obtains from the entity's contractor are substantively the same as or a subset of those provided under the entity's contract and the entity's contractor will provide such goods and/or services to the Board at the same or lower (unit or prorated) prices or the CO has determined that the price for the goods and/or services is fair and reasonable. The contractor shall also agree to include all terms and conditions the Board deems necessary for its contract with the entity's contractor. Legal Division review is required when the procurement exceeds $200,000 in any contract year. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) and decided under the same rubric as set forth for sole source requests. Research materials and information-service subscriptions. Divisions or offices may procure without competition research materials and subscriptions to information services and publications that contain unique editorial content or that provide compilations of data or information in a way or format that the acquiring division or office deems necessary to fulfilling its business functions. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) and decided under the same rubric as set forth for sole-source requests, except that Legal Division review of the justification memorandums for these procurements, regardless of cost, is not required. Note that Legal Division review of the contract terms is required for research materials and information-service subscriptions that exceed $200,000 in any contract year and for subscriptions of any amount that address intellectual property rights, indemnification obligations, or other subject matters that dictate such review under section (b) of the Acquisition Guidelines, above. Experts and neutrals for litigation. The COO, on behalf of the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and the general counsel, on behalf of the Legal Division, may approve non-competitive procurement of services from experts or neutrals (such as mediators or arbitrators) determined necessary to assist in the analysis, preparation, presentation, defense, or resolution of actual or reasonably anticipated litigation or dispute in which the Board is, or is likely to be, a party. Directed purchase. Occasionally, due to rare circumstances, an acquiring division or office may find it necessary to acquire goods or services without competition for situations other than those listed as non-competitive methods 1 through 5, above. In those situations, requests and justifications for a directed purchase must be in writing and requested by the director of the division or office (or their delegate) funding the procurement. Except for procurements requested by the Division of Financial Management and the Office of the Chief Operating Officer, the CFO is authorized to approve directed purchases whose total contract value (i.e., the total cost of the contract including all option periods) does not exceed $250,000. All requests by the Division of Financial Management must be decided by the COO. The COO is authorized to approve directed purchases up to a total contract value of $1,000,000, provided that prior notification has been given to the Administrative Governor for any directed purchase whose total contract value exceeds $250,000. All requests from the Office of the Chief Operating Officer and requests whose total contract value exceeds $1,000,000 must be decided by the Administrative Governor. In addition, the CAO will submit a summary of all approved directed purchases to the Administrative Governor every six months. Additional limitations for a directed purchase are outlined in the Procurement Procedures. Agreements between the Board and one or more of the Federal Reserve Banks. Legal Division review of these agreements is required, regardless of the expected annual cost, to ensure that the Board's legal requirements for the goods and/or services received are met. This procurement method should not be used to avoid the Board's preference for competitive acquisition under a standard acquisition method or to avoid documenting the procurement under an applicable non-standard method set forth in paragraphs B.1 through B.6, above. Agreements with other federal, state, or local government entities (such as interagency agreements, memoranda of understanding, or memoranda of agreement). Legal Division review of these agreements is required, regardless of the expected annual cost, to ensure that the Board's legal requirements for the goods and/or services received are met. This procurement method should not be used to avoid the Board's preference for competitive acquisition under a standard acquisition method or to avoid documenting the procurement under an applicable non-standard method set forth in paragraphs B.1 through B.6, above. Acquisitions with Federally Funded Research Development Centers (FFRDC) that are congressionally established and governed and managed as per the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) part 35.017. The Board may procure without competition services from a FFRDC if it is determined that the selected FFRDC meets some special long-term research or development need that is integral to the mission and operation of the Board. Procurements with the selected FFRDC shall be requested by the director of the division or office (or their delegate) funding the procurement and will be permitted only if approved by the PAD. Legal Division review is required when the procurement exceeds $200,000 in any contract year. Agreements with visiting scholar(s) or subject-matter expert(s). Services to speak at official Board events are obtained by letter agreement and must be for an amount under $15,000 per event. Total amount per calendar year per scholar or expert shall not exceed $50,000 and includes any reimbursement for travel costs associated with the event(s) that are approved by the COR in accordance with the Board's Travel policy. Legal Division review of these agreements is