be in anticipation of Reserve Bank actions, absent any other evidence of agreement between the parties, is not sufficient evidence of the existence of an obligation. A statement by a Reserve Bank that it intends to enter into negotiations with the guaranteed party is not sufficient to indicate the existence of an obligation, since the terms would be indefinite at this point. A Reserve Bank's past practice of entering into similar transactions with other parties cannot be considered as evidence supporting the existence of a constructive obligation in a new arrangement. Each guarantee arrangement is a stand-alone transaction that should be separately evaluated on its merits by the Reserve Bank. Express actions or statements by authorized Reserve Bank representatives that would reasonable lead to an expectation on the part of the party such that the party acts on the expectations might provide evidence that a constructive obligation exists. A joint statement of the Reserve Bank and the guaranteed party that includes important terms of the guarantee might provide evidence that a constructive obligation exists. A term sheet that is agreed to by all parties provides evidence of a constructive and possibly a legal obligation. If an obligation under a guarantee existed at the balance sheet date, a liability should be recorded in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 460-10. If, subsequent to the balance sheet date but before the issuance of the financial statements, additional information becomes available that affects the obligation that existed at the balance sheet date, the obligation should be adjusted on the balance sheet. If an obligation under a guarantee is material and is issued after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued, the Bank should disclose the guarantee as a subsequent event. 84.05 Initial Measurement of a Guarantee When the guarantee obligation is established, the guarantors should recognize a liability equal to the fair value of the guarantee on their financial statements under FASB ASC Topic 460-10. If at the inception of the guarantee, it is not probable that a triggering event will occur, then no liability is necessary under FASB ASC Topic 450-20. In the unusual circumstance that it is probable that a liability will occur, a FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingent liability should be recognized. In such a situation, the liability to be initially recognized for the guarantor's obligation under the guarantee shall be the greater of (a) FASB ASC Topic 460-10 guarantee liability at fair value or (b) FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingent liability. There are two primary approaches for initially measuring the fair value of the guarantee obligation under FASB ASC Topic 460-10: When a guarantee is issued in a stand-alone arm's-length transaction with an unrelated party and explicit consideration is received, the liability recognized at the inception of the guarantee should be the premium received or receivable by the guarantor. When a guarantee is issued as part of a multiple element transaction with an unrelated party (such as in conjunction with selling an asset or entering into an operating lease), the liability recognized at the inception of the guarantee should be an estimate of the fair value of the guarantee . In that circumstance, guarantors should consider the premium that would be required by the guarantor to issue the same guarantee in a stand-alone arm's-length transaction with an unrelated party. In the absence of observable transactions for identical or similar guarantees, expected present value measurement techniques will likely provide the best estimate of fair value. Generally, because of the unique nature of most guarantees, few are valued based upon "observable transactions for identical or similar transactions." The valuation of most guarantees, therefore, will require the use of fair value estimates. With respect to estimating fair value, FASB emphasizes that the fair value of a guarantee at inception is not equal to the guarantor's single best estimate of what it will be required to pay under the guarantee. It has further clarified that the notion of fair value contemplates the range of probabilities and potential payments that could be required under the guarantee, not merely a point estimate of the most likely outcome. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 does not prescribe specific accounting for the guarantor's offsetting entry when it recognizes a guarantee liability. That offsetting entry depends on the circumstances in which the guarantee was issued, as illustrated in FASB ASC Topic 460-10: If the guarantee were issued in a stand-alone transaction for a premium, the offsetting entry would be the consideration received (such as cash or a receivable). If the guarantee were issued in conjunction with the sale of assets, a product, or a business, the overall proceeds (such as the cash received or receivable) would be allocated between the consideration being remitted to the guarantor for issuing the guarantee and the proceeds from the sale. That allocation would affect the calculation of the gain or loss on the sale transaction. If the guarantee were issued in conjunction with the formation of a partially owned business or a venture accounted for under the equity method, the recognition of the liability for the guarantee would result in an increase to the carrying amount of the investment. If a guarantee were issued to an unrelated party for no consideration on a stand-alone basis (that is, not in conjunction with any other transaction or ownership relationship), the offsetting entry would be to expense. In most cases, the Reserve Banks enter into agreements accounted for as guarantees for no consideration. In these cases, the fourth situation listed above would be applicable, and the Banks should charge the initial obligation to profit and loss (FR 34 Account 330-080). 84.06 Subsequent Measurement of a Guarantee Subsequent to initial measurement, the accounting would depend on the nature of the guarantee and how the Reserve Bank (guarantor) is released from risk. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 provides three possible approaches to the subsequent accounting for the guarantee: 18 Marking the guarantee to fair value at each balance sheet date, so long as the guarantee remains outstanding;