Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Appendix B. Dividends B.1 Payment of Dividends from Surplus A 1922 opinion from the Board of Governors' Legal Counsel. To: Federal Reserve Board From: Mr. Walter S. Logan, General Counsel Subject: Payment of dividends of Federal Reserve Banks out of surplus Date: April 11, 1922 You have requested my opinion upon the question of whether a Federal reserve bank, which has accumulated a surplus fund out of earnings of past years, has authority to use a part of this fund to pay to its stockholding member banks the dividend for a subsequent year during which the current earnings of the federal reserve banks are insufficient to pay such dividend. I am of the opinion that the question should be answered in the affirmative. The material portions of Section 7 of the Federal Reserve Act read as follows: "After all necessary expenses of a Federal reserve bank have been paid or provided for, the stockholders shall be entitled to receive an annual dividend of six per centum on the paid-in capital stock, which dividend shall be cumulative. After the aforesaid dividend claims have been fully met, the net earnings shall be paid to the United States as a franchise tax except that the whole of such net earnings, including those for the year ending December thirty-first, nineteen hundred and eighteen, shall be paid into a surplus fund until it shall amount to one hundred per centum or the subscribed capital stock of such bank, and that thereafter ten per centum of such net earnings shall be paid into the surplus. "…Should a Federal reserve bank be dissolved or go into liquidation, any surplus remaining, after the payment of all debts, dividend requirements as hereinbefore provided, as the par value of the stock, shall be paid to and become the property of the United States and shall be similarly applied." This section provides that the earnings of the Federal reserve banks shall be used for the following purposes in the order named: For the payment of or provision for expenses. For the payment to stockholders (who are member banks exclusively) of cumulative dividends at the rate of six percent per annum on paid-in capital. For creating and adding to a surplus fund until such fund equals 100 percent of subscribed capital. The balance to be paid 90 percent to the United States as a franchise tax and 10 percent into surplus. The question for determination is what are the rights of a Federal reserve bank with respect to the payment of dividends when the bank has already accumulated a surplus out of its past earnings but has failed during some subsequent year to earn a sufficient amount to pay the full dividends for that year. No payment can be made into the surplus fund unless the earnings for the current year are sufficient to pay in full the dividends for that year and any dividends for past years that may remain unpaid. Thus Congress has directed that the payment of current and past dividends shall take precedence over the accumulation of a surplus fund. In the absence of any indication to the contrary, it would be natural to assume from this that Congress intended also that the payment of current and past dividends should take precedence over the maintenance of a surplus fund already accumulated. It is to be noted that the provision in the second paragraph of Section 7, regarding the disposition of the surplus fund in the event of the dissolution or liquidation of a Federal reserve bank, makes it clear that the surplus fund of a Federal reserve bank will be available ultimately to pay the cumulative dividends in full. It is clear also that the payment of dividends out of surplus can result in no loss of revenue to the United States, for no franchise tax can become due until the six percent cumulative dividends have been paid in full. If the surplus should not be used to pay dividends for a year in which the current earnings are insufficient for this purpose, the back dividends would have to be paid out of future earnings before the United States becomes entitled to any franchise tax. In fact, the failure to pay dividends out of surplus in excess of 100 percent of subscribed capital would result in loss of revenue to the United States; because if dividends for any year should remain unpaid, they would have to be paid in full out of the earnings of future years before any franchise tax becomes payable, whereas, if dividends should be paid out of the surplus and the surplus were not thereby reduced below 100 percent of subscribed capital, future payments into the surplus fund would amount to only 10 percent of future earnings over and above current dividend requirements, the other 90 percent being paid to the United States. It may be argued that, without regard to the questions of the franchise tax, Congress intended that each Federal reserve bank should accumulate a surplus fund for the purpose of protecting such bank against possible future losses and that the fund should be available for no other purpose. It is to be noted in this connection, however, that under the present terms of Section 7 there is no limit to the size