buy and sell debentures and other such obligations issued by a Federal Intermediate Credit Bank or by a National Agricultural Credit Corporation, but only to the same extent as and subject to the same limitations as those upon which it may buy and sell bonds issued under Title I of the Federal Farm Loan Act. [12 USC 350. As added by act of March 4, 1923 (42 Stat. 1480). The meaning of the term "debentures", as used above, was affected by act of Aug. 19, 1937 (50 Stat. 718), 12 USC 1040, which provides: "The terms 'debenture' and 'debentures', when used in any Act of Congress, whenever enacted, except the Federal Farm Loan Act, relating to the purchase, sale, or use as security, of debentures issued by or for the benefit and account of any Federal intermediate credit bank or banks, shall be deemed to mean debentures issued by any such bank individually and consolidated debentures issued by such banks acting together."] 4. Paper of cooperative marketing associations Notes, drafts, bills of exchange or acceptances issued or drawn by cooperative marketing associations composed of producers of agricultural products shall be deemed to have been issued or drawn for an agricultural purpose, within the meaning of this section, if the proceeds thereof have been or are to be advanced by such association to any members thereof for an agricultural purpose, or have been or are to be used by such association in making payments to any members thereof on account of agricultural products delivered by such members to the association, or if such proceeds have been or are to be used by such association to meet expenditures incurred or to be incurred by the association in connection with the grading, processing, packing, preparation for market, or marketing of any agricultural product handled by such association for any of its members: Provided, That the express enumeration in this paragraph of certain classes of paper of cooperative marketing associations as eligible for rediscount shall not be construed as rendering ineligible any other class of paper of such associations which is now eligible for rediscount. [12 USC 351. As added by act of March 4, 1923 (42 Stat. 1480).] 5. Limitations The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may, by regulation, limit to a percentage of the assets of a Federal reserve bank the amount of notes, drafts, acceptances, or bills having a maturity in excess of three months, but not exceeding six months, exclusive of days of grace, which may be discounted by such bank, and the amount of notes, drafts, bills, or acceptance having a maturity in excess of six months, but not exceeding nine months, which may be rediscounted by such bank. [12 USC 352. As added by act of March 4, 1923 (42 Stat. 1480).] * Previously section 13a, this section was redesignated by act of Dec. 19, 1991 (105 Stat. 2281). Back to Top Last Update: March 13, 2017