as interest income. Foreign currency liquidity swaps The structure of foreign currency liquidity swap transactions involves the transfer by the FRBNY, at the prevailing market exchange rate, of a specified amount of U.S. dollars to an account for the foreign central bank in exchange for its currency. The foreign currency amount received is reported as a liability. The FRBNY compensates the foreign central bank based on the amount outstanding and the rate under the swap agreement. The compensation paid during the term of the swap transaction is reported as interest expense. 40.55 Warehousing Agreement The FOMC has an agreement to "warehouse" foreign currencies for the U.S. Treasury and the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF). This is an arrangement under which the FOMC agrees to exchange, at the request of the Treasury, U.S. dollars for foreign currencies held by the Treasury or ESF for a limited period of time. The purpose of the warehousing facility is to supplement the U.S. dollar resources of the Treasury and ESF for financing purchases of foreign currencies and related international operations. In general, this transaction is similar to the swap; however, the parties are the FRBNY and the Treasury. Warehousing agreements are valued daily at current market exchange rates. Amounts are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the foreign SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.60 Interest Earnings and Expense Net interest earnings and expenses on securities are accrued daily. Consistent with market convention, interest accruals and the amortization of premiums and discounts are recognized beginning on the day that securities purchases settle and ending the day before securities mature or sales settle. 40.70 SOMA Participation Participated Accounts The following accounts are those for which activity is allocated to each Reserve Bank consistent with the appropriate participation ratios. 3 Domestic portfolio: Federal agency and GSE obligations bought outright U.S. Treasury securities bought outright MBS, related short-term investments, fail assets and liabilities, and cash margin accounts Interest accrued and interest payable—includes fees on securities lending Interest income and interest expense MBS fails charge income Premium and discount on securities Reverse repurchase agreements Repurchase agreements SOMA domestic other assets Realized gains and losses Foreign portfolio: Investments denominated in foreign currencies Central bank liquidity swaps Foreign deposits Interest income and interest expense Realized gains and losses Domestic Participation All domestic securities activity is participated to each Reserve Bank using the Interdistrict Settlement Account. (See paragraph 5.00 .) The participation includes the related interest accrued and premium amortization or discount accretion. Specific securities are not participated to the individual Reserve Banks and the amounts on each Bank's books reflect an undivided interest. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. Allocation is made on the basis of percentages that are derived from an annual settlement of interdistrict clearings and equalization of gold certificate holdings as explained below. The percentages that are used for allocating the account are calculated as follows: In April of each year the Board calculates the average daily balance on each Bank's Interdistrict Settlement account during the preceding 12 months. The average daily settlement account balance (plus or minus) is applied to each Bank's gold certificate account total. A calculation is then made of the amount each Bank should have in its gold certificate account to equal the System average of gold certificates to Federal Reserve notes outstanding. In this calculation, an amount is set aside in the FRBNY's account to accommodate future gold sales by the U.S. Treasury. The adjustment that would be required in each Bank's gold certificate total is applied by the FRBNY against each Bank's holdings in the SOMA. Thus, a desired decrease in a Bank's gold certificate account is achieved by increasing the Bank's holdings of securities. The resulting percentage of each Bank's participation in the SOMA portfolio is used, until the next reallocation, as the basis for allocating the daily SOMA transactions. The following is a simplified illustration of the procedure that is performed each April: Assume that Reserve Bank A has gold certificates balance of 105, securities of 2,000, outstanding Federal Reserve notes of 2,000, and during the 12 months ending in March, its ISA settlement account averaged -5. The gold certificate total of all Banks combined is 10 percent of the combined Federal Reserve notes. The ISA settlement account will be adjusted by debiting it for 5. The offset to the above ISA entry is to credit the gold certificate account for 5. The gold certificate account will be adjusted to equal ten percent of the outstanding notes total (2,000 x 10% = 200), increasing the gold account by 100 (200 – 100 = 100). The offset to the final change to gold account (100) is deducted from the SOMA securities account (2,000 – 100 = 1,900). Example: Gold ISA SOMA Dr. Cr. Dr. Cr. Dr. Cr. Balance before the annual adjustment 105 10 2,000 1. ISA 5 2. Gold 5 3. Gold 100 4. Securities 100 Balance after adjustment 200 – 5 1,900 Foreign Participation All foreign currency denominated activity is participated based on the ratio of each Reserve Bank's capital and surplus to the Reserve Banks' aggregate capital and surplus using the preceding December 31 balances. Specific securities are not participated to the individual Reserve Banks and the amounts on each Bank's books reflect an undivided interest. The accounts are reallocated annually. Footnotes 1. The annual audited financial statements, however, are adjusted to reflect foreign-exchange contracts that are unsettled at year-end, effectively adopting trade-date accounting for the audited financial statements only. Return to text 2. The domestic allocation rate is also used for reverse repurchase agreements with foreign officials and international accounts. Return to text 3. All activity is participated daily, except acceptances, margin balances, interest expense on margin balances, and MBS fail charge income, which are participated monthly. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025