investments held in the SOMA, interest income on foreign currency denominated investments, net contains negative interest of $16 million and $14 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Return to table 3. Face value, net of unamortized premiums and discounts. Return to table 4. Guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. Current face value of the securities, which is the remaining principal balance of the securities, net of premiums and discounts. Return to table 5. Foreign currency denominated investments are revalued daily at market exchange rates. Return to table 6. Dollar value of foreign currency held under these agreements valued at the exchange rate to be used when the foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank. This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank. Return to table Supplemental information on interest expense on securities sold under agreement to repurchase (reverse repurchase agreements) is as follows: Table 13. Interest expense on securities sold under agreement to repurchase (in millions) Six months ended June 30, 2017 Six months ended June 30, 2016 Interest expense: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 $ 582 $ 85 Foreign official and international accounts 2 855 389 Total interest expense $ 1,437 $ 474 Average daily balance: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 $ 170,502 $ 67,508 Foreign official and international accounts 2 246,632 238,943 Average interest rate: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 0.68% 0.25% Foreign official and international accounts 2 0.69% 0.33% 1. Overnight and term reverse repurchase agreements arranged as open market operations are settled through a set of expanded counterparties that includes banks, savings associations, GSEs, and domestic money market funds. Return to table 2. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into as part of a service offering to foreign official and international account holders. Return to table (C) Depository Institution Deposits The Reserve Banks pay interest to depository institutions on qualifying balances held at the Reserve Banks. The interest rates paid on required reserve balances and excess balances are determined by the Board of Governors, based on a FOMC-established target range for the federal funds rate. In May 2010, the Reserve Banks commenced the auction of term deposits to be offered through its Term Deposit Facility. The interest rate paid on these deposits is determined by auction. (D) Operating Expenses The Federal Reserve Banks have established procedures for budgetary control and monitoring of operating expenses as part of their efforts to ensure appropriate stewardship and accountability. Reserve Bank and Board governance bodies provide budget guidance for major functional areas for the upcoming budget year. The Board's Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs (BAC) reviews the Banks' budgets and the BAC chair submits the budgets to Board members for review and final action. Throughout the year, Reserve Bank and Board staffs monitor actual performance and compare it with approved budgets and forecasts. Additional information regarding Reserve Bank operating expenses is available each year in the Annual Report of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/annual-report/default.htm , and on the Audit webpage of the Board's public website at www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/reform_audit.htm . Back to Top Last Update: May 22, 2018 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551