rated, among other things. Emergency Facility: Under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act, the Federal Reserve has authority to lend to certain entities in "unusual and exigent circumstances." By law, these emergency lending programs must be broad-based and not designed to support a single institution or sector of the economy, among other requirements. In addition, Congress requires that the Federal Reserve ensure that taxpayers are protected against losses. Actions taken under section 13(3) require consultation with the Treasury Secretary. Enforcement Action: The Federal Reserve may take enforcement actions against the financial institutions it supervises, as well as certain parties affiliated with those institutions, for violations of law, rule, or regulation, or unsafe and unsound practices, among other things. This category may also be listed as orders of dismissal. Banking Order: The Federal Reserve reviews applications by certain financial institutions for approval to engage in certain transactions, such as mergers and acquisitions, or engage in certain activities. When the Board must act on applications, it issues a formal order explaining its decision. Regulatory Matter: Regulatory matters include certain actions the Board may take under its statutory authority and rules and regulations related to the formation, operations, activities, and acquisitions of financial institutions. This category may also be listed as votes on final orders, final standards, and regulations. Board Action: Board actions may include requests for comment, notices of public meetings, issuance of reports, the setting of fee schedules, matters related to payment systems, appointments, clarifications, and other Board announcements. Related Content Board Votes Back to Top Last Update: July 21, 2023 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551