chartered under the laws of the United States or of a State of the United States, or by firms or companies, the controlling interest in which is owned by citizens of the United States. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this section, one or more foreign banks, institutions organized under the laws of foreign countries which own or control foreign banks, or banks organized under the laws of the United States, the States of the United States, or the District of Columbia, the controlling interests in which are owned by any such foreign banks or institutions, may, with the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and upon such terms and conditions and subject to such rules and regulations as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe, own and hold 50 per centum or more of the shares of the capital stock of any corporation organized under this section, and any such corporation shall be subject to the same provisions of law as any other corporation organized under this section, and the terms "controls" and "controlling interest" shall be construed consistently with the definition of "control" in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. For the purposes of the preceding sentence of this paragraph the term "foreign bank" shall have the meaning assigned to it in the International Banking Act of 1978. Any company, other than a bank as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, that after March 5, 1987, directly or indirectly acquires control of a corporation organized or operating under the provisions of this section or section 25 shall be subject to the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 in the same manner and to the same extent that bank holding companies are subject thereto, except that such company shall not by reason of this paragraph be deemed a bank holding company for the purpose of section 3 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. [12 USC 619. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 378); and amended by acts of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 717); Sept. 17, 1978 (92 Stat. 609); and Aug. 10, 1987 (101 Stat. 566).] 12. Members of Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as directors, officers, or stockholders No member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be an officer or director of any corporation organized under the provisions of this section, or of any corporation engaged in similar business organized under the laws of any State, nor hold stock in any such corporation, and before entering upon his duties as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System he shall certify under oath to the Secretary of the Treasury that he has complied with this requirement. [12 USC 620. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382).] 13. Shareholders' liability; corporation not to become member of Federal Reserve bank Shareholders in any corporation organized under the provision of this section shall be liable for the amount of their unpaid stock subscriptions. No such corporation shall become a member of any Federal reserve bank. [12 USC 621. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382).] 14. Forfeiture of charter for violation of law Should any corporation organized hereunder violate or fail to comply with any of the provisions of this section, all of its rights, privileges, and franchises derived herefrom may thereby be forfeited. Before any such corporation shall be declared dissolved, or its rights, privileges, and franchises forfeited, any noncompliance with, or violation of such laws shall, however, be determined and adjudged by a court of the United States of competent jurisdiction, in a suit brought for that purpose in the district or territory in which the home office of such corporation is located, which suit shall be brought by the United States at the insistence of the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve System or the Attorney General. Upon adjudication of such noncompliance or violation, each director and officer who participated in, or assented to, the illegal act or acts, shall be liable in his personal or individual capacity for all damages which the said corporation shall have sustained in consequence thereof. No dissolution shall take away or impair any remedy against the corporation, its stockholders, or officers for any liability or penalty previously incurred. [12 USC 622. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382).] 15. Voluntary liquidation Any such corporation may go into voluntary liquidation and be closed by a vote of its shareholders owning two-thirds of its stock. [12 USC 623. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382.)] 16. Appointment of receiver or conservator In General. The Board may appoint a conservator or receiver for a corporation organized under the provisions of this section to the same extent and in the same manner as the Comptroller of the Currency may appoint a conservator or receiver for a national bank, and the conservator or receiver for such corporation shall exercise the same powers, functions, and duties, subject to the same limitations, as a conservator or receiver for a national bank. Equivalent Authority. The Board shall have the same authority with respect to any conservator or receiver appointed for a corporation organized under the provisions of this section under this paragraph and any such corporation as the Comptroller of the Currency has with respect to a conservator or receiver of a national bank and the national bank for which a conservator or receiver has been appointed. Title 11 Petitions. The Board may direct the conservator or receiver of a corporation organized under the provisions of this section to file a petition pursuant to title 11, United States Code, in which case, title 11, United States Code, shall apply to the corporation in lieu of otherwise applicable Federal or State insolvency law.