the consolidation of legal entities Accessible Version | Return to text 82.07 Definition Matrix of Investment Company FASB ASC Topic 946-10 Guidance—definition matrix of investment company—FASB ASC Topic 946-10 Legal entity The entity should be organized as a separate legal entity Corporation, Partnership, Limited liability company, Grantor trust, REIT, or Other trust. Business purpose For current income, capital appreciation, or both. Entity's activities limited to investment activities No substantive activities other than investing activities; No significant assets or liabilities other than those relating to investment activities. Multiple substantive investments Hold multiple substantive investments simultaneously, either directly or through another investment company. More than one investment concurrently. Exit strategies Identify exit strategies for its investments and the timing (or a range) of when it expects to exit the investments. Not for strategic operating purposes Not to obtain benefits as a result of the investments or through relationships with the investee or its affiliates that are unavailable to non-investor entities. FOLLOWING ARE OTHER FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED WHEN ASSESSING WHETHER AN ENTITY IS INVESTING FOR STRATEGIC OPERATING PURPOSES Number of substantive investors in the entity (pooling of funds) The more extensive the pooling of funds (more investors and smaller ownership interests by the investors) to avail owners of professional investment management, the greater the evidence that the entity is investing for current income, capital appreciation, or both. Related parties as defined should be combined and treated as a single investor for purposes of considering this factor. Level of ownership interests in investees Significant levels of ownership interests in investees provide significant evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. (Conversely, relatively minor levels of ownership interests in investees may provide significant evidence that the entity is investing for current income, capital appreciation, or both.) Consider the level of ownership interests in investees in relation to the total investment portfolio. Substantial ownership by passive investors Substantial ownership by passive investors (as opposed to substantial ownership by principal investors who determine the strategic direction or run the day-to-day operations of the entity) provides evidence of investing for current income, capital appreciation, or both. Substantial ownership by employee benefit plans Substantial ownership by employee benefit plans provides evidence that the entity is investing for current income, capital appreciation, or both. Involvement in the day-to-day management of investees, their affiliates, or other investment assets The more extensive the involvement in the day-to-day management of investees, their affiliates, or other investment assets, the greater the evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Significant administrative or support services provided to investees or their affiliates Significant administrative or support services provided to the investees or their affiliates provide evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Examples of such administrative or support services include legal advice, centralized cash management, or other administrative services that typically are provided by a parent to its subsidiaries or its operating divisions. Financing guarantees or assets to serve as collateral provided by investees for borrowing arrangements of the entity or its affiliates The more extensive such financing guarantees or assets serving as collateral for borrowing arrangements, the greater the evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Two exceptions: Arrangements in which the entity's ownership interest in an investee serves as collateral for borrowing arrangements of the entity, or Arrangements in which the entity guarantees debt of an investee or its affiliates. Provision of loans by noninvestment company affiliates of the entity to investees or their affiliates Depending on the terms of the loans and other factors, such arrangements may provide evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Exceptions: such loans are not inconsistent with the definition of an investment company if all of the following exist: The terms of the loans are at fair value. The loans are not required as a condition of the investment. The loans are not made to most of the investees or their affiliates. Making the loans is part of the usual business activity of the noninvestment company affiliate. Compensation of management or employees of investees or their affiliates is dependent on the financial results of the entity or the entity's affiliates The more extensive such compensation arrangements, the greater the evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Directing the integration of operations of investees or their affiliates or the establishment of business relationships between investees or their affiliates Directing the integration of operations of investees or their affiliates or establishing business relationships between investees or their affiliates provides evidence that the entity is investing for strategic operating purposes. Such relationships may include joint ventures or other arrangements between investees, significant purchases or sales of assets or other transactions between investees, investees' participation with other investees in administrative arrangements, investees providing financing to other investees, or investees providing guarantees or collateral for borrowing arrangements of other investees. In considering the above criteria and their effect on the conclusion about whether an entity is an investment company, some factors may be more or less significant than others, depending on the facts and circumstances, and therefore, more or less heavily weighted in determining whether an entity is an investment company. Criteria 1 through 6 may individually prevent an entity from being classified as an investment company, Criteria 7 through 16 (other factors) are to be evaluated both individually and on a combined basis. Any single criterion of 7 through 16 is not necessarily determinative of whether the entity is an investment company. All of the criteria, however, must be assessed qualitatively, and professional judgment will need to be exercised. 83.01 Valuation of Non-SOMA Financial Assets and Liabilities This paragraph provides guidance on the valuation of financial assets and liabilities that are not held in the SOMA. The Reserve Banks, largely as a result of liquidity initiatives, have acquired financial assets and liabilities that are not part of SOMA. These financial assets and liabilities should be accounted for in accordance with GAAP applicable to commercial entities.