days prior thereto within the calendar month on which the Federal Reserve Bank was closed. If entry of accruals is not made daily, the entry made on the first Wednesday of the month should include accruals for any prior day or days within that calendar month. 4.00 Premium on Securities (170-175) Premium on securities represents the unamortized amount paid in excess of the face value of securities in the SOMA, excluding foreign denominated investments. On the date of purchase, such excess is debited to this account. The cost bases of Treasury securities and GSE debt securities are adjusted for amortization of premiums on an effective interest method. Floating rate notes, however, continue to be adjusted using the straight-line basis. When securities are sold, any applicable premium is credited to the account. The FRBNY posts these entries to each Federal Reserve Bank's account. 4.10 Overdrafts (170-200) This account is used to record depository institution overnight overdrafts with the Reserve Bank, and is debited by the amount necessary to restore the depository institution's deposit account to a zero balance. 4.20 Deferred Charges and Prepaids (170-225 and 170-275) Payments made in advance for services to be rendered over future periods should be recorded as prepaid expenses and amortized as appropriate. 3 Prepayments under $25,000 should be charged directly to expense. Among the types of prepayments normally recorded as prepaid expenses are rent, taxes on real estate, and the cost of printing and supplies. Special accounts are provided on the balance sheet for recording the prepayments of services as well as recording general use type items such as materials and supplies. In particular, the $25,000 limitation is designed only to eliminate the need to amortize small amounts over many periods. Items purchased for future use should be recorded as a prepaid expense upon receipt. Also, prepayments for equipment purchases should be recorded as a prepaid expense until the associated equipment is received. Deferred charges arise through the balance sheet recognition of software and certain lease transactions. Deferred charges $25,000 or greater should be recorded in this account and amortized over the current and prospective periods that benefit from the expenditure. Deferred charges should include items such as finance lease right-of-use assets and operating lease right-of-use assets costs of major improvements to leased space and lease incentives paid to tenants that should be amortized over the life of the contract or lease respectively. (See paragraph 30.85 for further discussion of leasehold improvements.) The deferred charges account should also be used to record charges for internal use software, including software licenses under cloud computing arrangements (CCAs), which is defined as software acquired, internally developed, or significantly modified for use by the Reserve Banks in performing their operations. Additionally, the deferred charges account should be used to record implementation costs associated with CCAs that do not contain a software license. Internally developed software and implementation costs associated with CCAs that do not contain a software license should be capitalized if the cost exceeds $100,000. Externally purchased software should be capitalized if the costs exceed $25,000 per license. 4 Desktop utility software and maintenance should be charged to current expense regardless of amount. 5 Expenditures for bulk purchases of a number of identical software licenses that are individually below the capitalization threshold can be capitalized as a single asset if the total cost is $100,000 or more and the license agreement is for a period longer than a year with notification to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. Costs incurred during software development, as well as implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement, are capitalized or expensed depending on the project stage (preliminary stage, development stage, and post-implementation stage). See "Accounting Guidance for Internal Use Software Costs" at Appendix D.1 for additional information related to the appropriate accounting for these costs. Costs incurred during the preliminary stage, such as evaluation of alternatives and prototype development, are expensed. Costs incurred in the development stage that are capitalized include external costs of materials and services (e.g., consulting fees and salary, retirement, and other benefit costs of employees directly associated with the product); costs associated with time spent specifically to oversee developers (programmers), if determinable; expenditures related to system integration, which includes consultant fees and salary, retirement, and other benefit costs of employees directly associated with the integration effort; integration costs must be analyzed to determine the allocation between hardware and software; implementation costs associated with activities to integrate, configure and/or customize a hosted cloud computing arrangement service; travel costs for staff, consultants, or vendors should be capitalized if they are directly related to the software development; and capitalizable costs paid to another Reserve Bank for software development efforts. Costs incurred during the development stage related to general and administrative expense and end-user testing and training should be expensed. Post-implementation stage costs generally should be expensed, except the cost of prepaid maintenance contracts, provided that the costs meet the FAM thresholds for prepaid assets or deferred charges. Other non-capitalizable costs include process re-engineering costs, data conversion costs, and training costs. When internal use software is purchased and the purchase price includes non-capitalizable items (e.g., training), the price must be allocated among capitalizable and non-capitalizable items based on fair value. The costs for website development are accounted for in the same manner as costs of internal use software. Expenditures made to change existing software assets are considered either improvements or maintenance. Expenditures to existing software assets that meet the capitalization thresholds discussed above should be capitalized if the improvement provides additional capabilities and meets one of the following criteria: The quantity of output or operating efficiency of the asset is significantly increased. The quality of output is significantly increased. Improvements should be recorded as separate assets with unique useful lives determined in accordance with the discussion of useful lives below. When the results of efforts to rewrite or improve the software are significant enough to be considered a replacement to the existing software and the expenditures meet the capitalization