health savings accounts ("HSAs"), and other similar accounts Q77: What does "other similar accounts" mean in section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A77: Section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the policy exempts "[u]ntaxed distributions from 529 plans, health savings accounts, or other similar accounts" from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress period prohibitions. "Other similar accounts" is intended to cover tax-advantaged accounts that operate in a similar manner, such as an Achieving a Better Life Experience ("ABLE") account, which is a tax-advantaged account for individuals with disabilities and their families. Q78: What does the reference to "untaxed distributions" mean? Updated: 2/5/2024 A78: Section 2(h)(2)(iii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals exempts "[u]ntaxed distributions from 529 plans, health savings accounts, or other similar accounts" from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress period prohibitions. To qualify for this exemption, distributions or withdrawals from these accounts must meet the tax code requirements so that they are not considered federal taxable income. XXIV. Waivers Q79: To whom should a waiver request be sent? Updated: 4/15/2022 A79: Covered individuals who are Board employees must submit waiver requests to the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official. Covered individuals who are Reserve Bank employees must submit waiver requests to the Board's Designated Agency Ethics Official and their Reserve Bank Ethics Official. XXV. Reporting and disclosure Q80: Will covered individuals still be required to continue to comply with existing applicable annual financial disclosure reporting requirements under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A80: Yes. Q81: What does "promptly posted" mean in section 3(b) regarding the requirement to post any Periodic Transaction Reports and annual financial disclosure reports filed by a Reserve Bank president? Updated: 2/5/2024 A81: Consistent with the requirements for Board members’ financial disclosures, Reserve Bank presidents’ disclosures should be posted online within 30 days of submission of a signed report to the Reserve Bank ethics official. XXVI. Miscellaneous Q82: Are separately managed accounts permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A82: Separately managed accounts, while not prohibited, will generally be challenging to hold under the policy. With a managed account, an investor gives a financial advisor the discretion to buy, sell, and trade investments on the investor’s behalf, often through a predetermined portfolio selected by the investor. However, covered individuals ultimately retain control over their managed accounts and are responsible for all trades made within a managed account, even if the trading decision is delegated to an account manager. Because the policy requires a covered individual to provide a minimum of 45-days’ advance notice before a purchase or sale of a security, an account manager must notify the covered individual at least 45 days in advance of a proposed transaction—even a transaction in a predetermined portfolio—so that the covered individual can ensure compliance with the notice and pre-clearance requirements, as well as the investment restrictions imposed by the policy. Further, the advance notice and pre-clearance system will only be accessible to Federal Reserve System employees, thus, the account manager would not be able to submit advance notice on the covered individual's behalf. If a covered individual cannot ensure a managed account’s compliance with the notice, investment, or trading restrictions in the policy, then the covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) must exit – or not enter into – the managed account. Q83: Is a gift of securities by a covered individual considered a "sale" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A83: A gift or transfer of securities by a covered individual with no consideration received in exchange is not a "sale" under the policy. Q84: Are donor-advised funds permissible? Updated: 2/5/2024 A84: Yes. A contribution to a donor-advised fund in which the covered individual no longer retains legal control over the investment is considered a gift under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Q85: May a covered individual use a corporate entity, such as a special purpose LLC, to engage in permissible investments? Updated: 2/5/2024 A85: Yes, however, the Policy for Covered Individuals applies to all investments owned or controlled by a covered individual or their spouse. Thus, Ethics officials generally will apply a look-through approach to investments made by corporate entities controlled by covered individuals or their spouses. Accordingly, if a covered individual or their spouse exercises control over a corporate entity, then they generally will be deemed to control the corporate entity’s investments, and those investments would be subject to the policy. Q86: Are covered individuals eligible to obtain certificates of divestiture ("CDs")? Updated: 4/15/2022 A86: Board employees are eligible to request a CD from OGE prior to selling investment assets that they must divest to comply with federal ethics requirements. If OGE grants the request and the Board employee receives a CD, they may defer capital gains taxes resulting from the sales if the proceeds are promptly reinvested in diversified mutual funds or diversified ETFs. However, under federal law, Reserve Bank employees are not eligible for CDs. Q87: What will happen if covered individuals violate the Policy for Covered Individuals, such as by failing to execute a pre-cleared trade? Updated: 2/5/2024 A87: The consequences of any particular instance of noncompliance with the policy will depend on a number of factors, such as the severity of the violation, whether the violation was intentional or inadvertent, and whether the violation was a first or repeat offense. Q88: How does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to automatic stock buybacks that occur as the result of a corporate acquisition? Updated: 2/5/2024 A88: The policy’s advance notice, pre-clearance, and trading blackout requirements apply to securities transactions that are controlled by or subject to the control of a covered individual or their spouse or minor child. Unlike trades of securities that are held within a managed account or trust account that are controlled by a covered individual or their spouse or minor child, stock buybacks typically are not subject to such control, and occur automatically upon a corporate