but not paid. In order to maintain consistency among Reserve Bank estimates, a standard approach to this estimate has been adopted. The year-end liability should be based on the prior years' experience adjusted for current trends in claims. To establish a "subsequent claims ratio," determine the amount of claims paid in the current year that were incurred in the prior year (run-out claims) and divide this amount by the total claims paid in the prior year. This ratio should then be applied to the most recent 12 months of payments data available to obtain the amount of the liability. For the consolidated plans, OEB will make this estimate on a Systemwide basis and allocate differences based on each Bank's funding rate. Exceptional circumstances (e.g., a change in claims administrator or plan design changes) may exist that would lead to a material misstatement of this liability if additional adjustments were not made. In such situations, the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section should be contacted for approval of an appropriate alternative estimation methodology. Special Considerations: Remember that medical payments and accruals for retirees and individuals on long-term disability are covered under FASB ASC Topic 715-60 and FASB ASC Topic 712-10, respectively, and should be excluded from the aforementioned calculations. 11.80 Suspense Account—General (240-150) This account represents (1) miscellaneous items for which credit has been received but processing or information is necessary before final disposition is affected or (2) general ledger interface errors that do not have relevant information to post a balanced journal entry. Items that cannot be resolved should be cleared from this account and credited to either the difference account or a current expense account. (See paragraph 4.40 .) Items relating to items in process of collection and deferred credit items should not be included in this account. 11.82 Exchange Translation Liability (240-190) This account is used to record unrealized gains or losses on unsettled foreign exchange trades, Euro denominated reverse repurchase agreements, and accrued interest payable on Euro denominated reverse repurchase agreements. 11.84 Accumulated Benefit Obligation (240-300) This account is used to recognize the funded status of various benefit plans. When the projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of plan assets, the difference is recorded to this liability account, as defined by FASB ASC Topic 715-20. Included in this account are also balances related to (1) the nonqualified retirement Benefits Equalization Plan, (2) the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Selected Officers of the Federal Reserve Banks, and (3) the postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plan. Entries related to these plans are based on actuarial valuations and actual benefit payments made by the OEB on behalf of the Reserve Banks. The accruals for the pension plans are offset to the net periodic pension cost (330-050) (see paragraph 12.30 ) or Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) (a sub-account of 320-025, Surplus), as required. 8 The offset to the accruals for postretirement medical and life insurance are posted to the Operating Expense account (330-050) or AOCI, as required (see paragraph 12.10 ). Only service costs go to Operating Expenses (330-050) and all other cost components go to Other Components of Net Benefit Costs (330-060) (see paragraph 12.33 ). Post-employment: This account is also used to record the liabilities for the long-term disability, income, medical, life, and survivor's income or workers compensation plan obligations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 712-10, Employers' Accounting for Post-employment Benefits. Entries for these plans are based on actuarial valuations and actual benefit payments made by the OEB on behalf of the Reserve Banks; the benefit payments should offset the recorded liability for these plans. At year-end, each Reserve Bank adjusts the recorded obligations for the post-employment benefit plans, and the offset is posted to the Operating Expense account (330-050). Thrift BEP: The liability associated with the Thrift Benefits Equalization Plan (Thrift BEP) is also recorded in this account. The Thrift BEP entries are made using information provided by the OEB at year-end based on the Plan account balance (not actuarially determined). Monthly payments made by the OEB on behalf of each Reserve Bank should offset the Thrift BEP liability. At year-end, each Reserve Bank may have to adjust the recorded obligation for the Thrift BEP, and the offset is posted to the Operating Expense account (330-050). Deferred Compensation Plan: Effective April 2009, the liability associated with the deferred compensation plan (DCP) is also recorded in this account. The monthly DCP entries are made using information provided by the payroll system, OEB, and the third-party administrator (not actuarially determined). Benefit payments made by the OEB on behalf of each Reserve Bank offset the DCP liability. The monthly report provided by the third-party administrator is used to verify each Bank's DCP liability account. Curtailments: Significant reductions in staff or changes in pension or medical plan benefits may require the recognition of additional gains or losses. As a practical matter, Reserve Banks should coordinate with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section and OEB staff when they anticipate substantial changes to staffing or the plan benefits. The provisions of FASB ASC Topic 712-10 are applied when determining if staff reductions or benefit changes result in a plan curtailment. A percentage reduction of greater than 10 percent indicates a curtailment. If a percentage reduction of expected future working lifetime is less than 5 percent, no curtailment is deemed to have occurred. A determination of the existence of a curtailment for a percentage reduction between 5 and 10 percent is based on individual facts and circumstances of the events. Reserve Banks should work with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section staff in evaluating whether a curtailment exists. 11.86 Interest on Reserves Accounts—Interest Due to Depository Institutions (240-430) Section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act provides that the Board may prescribe regulations concerning the payment of earnings on balances held at a Reserve Bank. Regulation D implements this provision and specifies the interest rate payable on balances of eligible institutions maintained at Reserve Banks, or the interest on