and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension About This Manual This Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks (FAM) contains the accounting standards that should be followed by the Federal Reserve Banks. 1 Accounting principles for entities with the unique powers and responsibilities of the nation's central bank have not been formulated by accounting standard-setting bodies. The Board of Governors has developed specialized accounting principles and practices that it considers to be appropriate for the nature and function of a central bank. These accounting principles and practices are documented in this manual. The Board of Governors has delegated, within certain parameters, the authority to the director of the Division of Reserve Bank Operations and Payment Systems (RBOPS) to set accounting policy for the Reserve Banks and to define, amend, and interpret FAM as prescribed by Board policy. Periodic amendments to FAM are made primarily to codify changes in accounting policy that result from new transactions and other accounting developments. Although setting accounting policy and updating FAM are responsibilities of the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section, Reserve Banks' accounting staff also play significant consultative roles in the development of accounting policies included in this manual. FAM provides guidance to Reserve Banks that should result in uniform accounting policies conforming to the standards established. In some places, FAM provides examples of subsidiary accounts to facilitate an understanding of the scope of the broader balance sheet items. In these cases, unless otherwise noted, the maintenance of such accounts is discretionary with the Reserve Bank. Although FAM covers the receipt and disbursement of funds and specifies their location on the balance sheet, and is thus the controlling document on capitalization, rates of depreciation, correction of errors in expenses, entries to Profit and Loss, and so on, it does not provide guidance for cost accounting. The Federal Reserve Cost Accounting for Strategic Planning and Reporting (CASPR Manual) sets rules for cost accounting. Federal Reserve Bank staff should consult with the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section on financial accounting questions or issues that are not specifically covered in this manual. The section's email group is RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting. Footnotes 1. Portions of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ®, are copyrighted by the Financial Accounting Foundation, 401 Merritt 7, Norwalk, CT 06856, and are reproduced with permission. In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASC Topic 105, The FASB Accounting Standards Codification, ("codification"), which has become the single source of U.S. GAAP. References to U.S. GAAP include both the codification as well as the legacy references. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551