and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Board Members Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Jerome H. Powell, Chair Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision Michael S. Barr Lisa D. Cook Adriana D. Kugler Christopher J. Waller Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present The seven members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate. A full term is fourteen years. One term begins every two years, on February 1 of even-numbered years. A member who serves a full term may not be reappointed. A member who completes an unexpired portion of a term may be reappointed. All terms end on their statutory date regardless of the date on which the member is sworn into office. The Chair and the Vice Chair of the Board, as well as the Vice Chair for Supervision, are nominated by the President from among the members and are confirmed by the Senate. They serve a term of four years. A member's term on the Board is not affected by his or her status as Chair or Vice Chair Board Member Assignments - Board Committees Committee on Board Affairs Vice Chair Jefferson, Chair and Oversight Governor for the Office of the COO Governor Barr, Member Governor Kugler, Member Committee on Consumer and Community Affairs Governor Barr, Chair and Oversight Governor for DCCA Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Member Governor Cook, Member Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs Vice Chair Jefferson, Chair and Oversight Governor for R&S, MA, and IF Governor Waller, Member Committee on Financial Stability Governor Cook, Chair and Oversight Governor for FS Governor Barr, Member Governor Kugler, Member Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs Governor Waller, Chair and Oversight Governor for RBOPS Governor Cook, Member Governor Kugler, Member Committee on Supervision and Regulation Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Chair and Oversight Governor for S&R Vice Chair Jefferson, Member Governor Waller, Member Subcommittee on Smaller Regional and Community Banking Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Chair Governor Cook, Member Governor Kugler, Member Committee on Payments, Clearing, and Settlement Governor Waller, Chair Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Member Governor Barr, Member Back to Top Last Update: June 09, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551