Any furniture, furnishings, and fixtures purchased in 2021 will use the individual asset method of capitalization. All purchases handled under the pooled asset method were to be capitalized into pooled accounts at full acquisition cost, including, where applicable, such items as outside installation costs, furniture assembly, freight charges, warehousing, insurance, and taxes. Each calendar year was considered as a separate pool and all purchases made within a given calendar year were considered a part of that pool account. The change from pooled accounting will be applied prospectively, only. If a Reserve Bank capitalizes a particular bulk purchase of low-cost equipment based on paragraph 30.01 , that purchase will still be handled similarly to previously pooled assets, in that the items will not be individually tracked or have separately identifiable book values but depreciation should begin once the assets are put into service. 30.56 Pooled Asset Depreciation For 2020 and prior-year pooled assets, depreciation will be calculated monthly on the gross amount of each pool account, using the "straight-line method." Depreciation on each furniture pool account will begin in the first month following the end of the pool year (calendar year). Guidelines on useful lives of pooled assets are found in table 30.78 . Depreciation will continue until the allowance for depreciation equals the amount of the pool account, at which time the pool account will be credited and the related allowance for depreciation will be debited for the amount of the pool account (effectively removing these accounts from the balance sheet). 30.57 Pooled Improvements (or Betterments) For 2020 and prior-year pooled improvements, the costs paid to an outside vendor for significant improvements or betterments made to furniture, furnishings, and fixtures was capitalized. When such expenditures were made, the amount was added or capitalized in the appropriate pooled asset account for the year in which the expenditures were made. Such capitalized improvement or betterment costs was treated as a purchase made during the year and were depreciated, along with the other purchased assets in the pool, over the life of that particular pool account. 30.58 Disposals and Trade-ins of Pooled Asset Items The following is the treatment to be used when any item carried in a legacy pooled asset account: (a) is sold—the salvage received from the sale should be credited against the appropriate pool; (b) is traded in—the new item (for which the pooled item was traded) should be expensed at the net purchase price, unless the asset meets the capitalization thresholds for fixed assets; (c) is lost, stolen, or disposed, with no salvage or trade-in value received—no entries are necessary for accounting and reporting purposes. 30.70 Expenditures for Existing Buildings and Equipment Expenditures for existing buildings and equipment consist of the cost of additions, improvements, and major replacements to an asset (see descriptions below). These expenditures should be analyzed to determine if they should be capitalized or charged to expense in the current accounting period. Generally, expenditures for existing assets that meet the capitalization threshold of the Reserve Bank for similar assets are considered capitalizable if at least one of the following criteria is met: The useful life of the existing asset is increased by more than one year. The quantity of output or operating efficiency of the asset is significantly increased. The quality of output is significantly increased. The cost incurred for any asset that does not meet the criteria described above or the capitalization threshold for similar assets should be expensed in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs incurred to maintain an asset at its current level of operation are not capitalizable and should be charged to expense. Additions: Additions are the increases to, or extensions of an existing building or equipment. Additions that meet one or more of the criteria described above should be recorded in a separate subsidiary account of the Buildings or Equipment account and generally depreciated over the remaining life of the principal asset. If the addition is considered to have an independent service life of its own, depreciation is recognized over the service life of the addition. Improvements: Improvements (or betterments) represent major modifications of an existing asset such as major renovations to an existing building or overhaul to equipment that will significantly increase its efficiency, its useful life, or the quality of the asset. Demolition costs resulting from the improvements of internal structures such as walls or flooring are also considered part of the improvement. Improvements made to buildings or equipment that meet one or more of the criteria described above should be recorded separately in the appropriate subsidiary account. The depreciation rate for the improved asset should be recalculated based on the new useful life, net book value, and salvage value of the improved asset. If the improvement is made to a building and is considered to have an independent useful life, depreciation is recognized over the service life of the improvement. The revised depreciation charges should begin in the first month following final payment or when the asset is placed in service, whichever occurs first. Specialized improvements are separately identifiable building improvements or renovations that usually have a distinct useful life and may not meet the improvement criteria above, but are significant changes to the original asset. 4 For specialized improvements, any remaining costs of the original improved or replaced asset cannot be separately identified from the cost of the original building asset; therefore, it cannot be written-off or the useful life cannot be accelerated. Any loss associated with the impairment of a specialized improvement is charged to expense. When conducting floor renovations, Reserve Banks should look to their historical renovation trends to determine if the renovation should be capitalized and given a distinct useful life. For example, if the Reserve Bank has a history of renovating floors every ten years, a useful life of ten years would most likely be assigned to a current renovation. However, if floor renovations are rare, or no particular trend emerges in the frequency of the renovation, a Reserve Bank may consider