on the books of the Reserve Banks. The deposits arise from depositary responsibilities assigned to the Reserve Banks by law—such as accounts opened by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to cover closed banks and checking accounts opened by government agencies. Deposits also arise from work in process at the Reserve Banks, such as payments received from new depository institutions which have not opened for business, Term Deposit Facility maturities, collateral for payment system risk and credit accounts, and interest paid on securities held pending redemption in federal estate tax cases. Deposit accounts are also carried for purposes that are specific to only one or a few Reserve Banks. The Board of Governors, for example, maintains a general fund account at the Richmond Reserve Bank to cover general disbursements and another to cover payroll charges. The individual account descriptions should be adequate to identify the different types of accounts maintained under this heading. For example, "Term Deposit Facility maturities" is a sufficient description, rather than Miscellaneous Deposit account 1, etc. 11.40 Deferred Credit Items (230-050, 230-075, 230-100, 230-125, and 230-150) These accounts are the counterpart of items in process of collection and arise from the fact that Reserve Banks do not give immediate credit for all checks or other items deposited with them for collection or, in some cases, are unable to pass credit on the due date for items that the Reserve Bank has already collected. Where possible, credit is deferred according to a schedule that allows time for the items to be collected. The difference between the asset accounts and these accounts represents the net of checks or other items that, although not yet collected, have already been credited in accordance with a specified time schedule to the accounts of the institutions that deposited them. This difference, called "float," measures on a System basis the net amount of Federal Reserve credit generated by the collection process by providing credit on items deposited with the Federal Reserve for collection prior to actual collection. Sufficient detail or subsidiary accounts should be maintained, as in items in process of collection (see paragraph 3.30 ), to identify the general nature of the transactions for float reporting purposes (e.g., cash letters, ACH, noncash). The amounts are carried in the following accounts: Other Federal Reserve Banks (230-050) Represents cash letters or other items which are received from other Districts or their depository institutions for which the other District will process the credit to the depository institution based on notification from the depository institution. Those items received directly from depository institutions in other Districts for which the other District would have no notice should be recorded in the Depository Institutions account below. U.S. Treasury—General Account (230-075) Consists of items received for deposit to Treasury's account on which credit is deferred, such as items in payment for federal taxes, marketable securities, savings bonds, and checks deposited by various federal agencies to Treasury's account. Depository Institutions (230-100) Represents cash letters and other items received from institutions and ACH items which cannot be credited because the depository institution is closed. Deferred credit entries for depository institutions located and/or settled in another Reserve office using InterFRB transactions should be included in this account. Other Items in Process (230-125) Represents credit items held over by the Federal Reserve Bank. This account includes, but is not limited to, electronic transfers where one depository institution has been charged but the Federal Reserve Bank cannot complete the transaction by passing credit to a depository institution, credit ACH return items which have been held over, and any prefunded credit ACH items. Adjustments, Net (230-150) Includes the net amount of adjustments (+ or -) that are made to items originally credited to any deferred credit items account prior to the date that the original entries are removed and credited on an immediate basis. Adjustments to deferred Treasury items should be reflected in the Deferred Credit Items: Treasury General Account (see 230-075 ). 11.50 Accrued Dividends Unpaid (240-025) This account represents the liability for dividends accrued to date on Reserve Bank capital paid-in from member banks that have not been paid. As required by the Federal Reserve Act , a bank becoming a member of the System must subscribe to stock in the Federal Reserve Bank in whose territory it is located. All stock issued to banks within a District is issued by and reflected upon the books of the Reserve Bank. After all necessary expenses of a Federal Reserve Bank have been paid or provided for, the stockholders of the Bank shall be entitled to receive an annual dividend on paid-in capital stock. Semiannual dividends on the paid-in stock are paid by the issuing Reserve Bank on the last business day of June and December. These dividends are accrued daily (based on a 30-day month and 360-day year) and accumulate in this account from one payment date until the next. The total amount of the daily accrual is debited to Dividends Accrued (330-175), representing a deduction from current net earnings, and credited to Accrued Dividends Unpaid as the liability for dividends due but unpaid. Effective January 1, 2016, Section 7(a) of the Federal Reserve Act was amended by the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act (FAST Act), which revised the per annum dividend rate for member banks with consolidated total assets of more than $10 billion (large member banks) to the lesser of the rate equal to the high yield of the 10-year Treasury note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of such dividend, and 6 percent. 6 The per annum dividend rate for member banks with $10 billion or less of total consolidated assets (small member banks) remains at 6 percent. The accrual of dividends is based on the following rates: For large member banks, the per annum dividend rate paid to large member banks at the last semiannual dividend payment date. For small member banks, a per annum dividend rate of 6 percent. The amount to be accrued daily should be