for (1) new qualifying automatic trade programs entered by covered individuals’ spouses or minor children in connection with their first becoming a participant in a benefit plan offered by their employer, provided that the covered individual confirms with their ethics officer that the planned investments are not prohibited by statute, regulation, or System policy; and (2) automatic dividend or capital gains reinvestment plans for diversified investment funds. Covered individuals should provide the relevant ethics officials with 45-days’ advance notice before beginning any other new qualifying automatic trade program. Once a new qualifying automatic trade program has been approved, the qualifying automatic trades made pursuant to the program’s specifications will be exempt from the advance notice and pre-clearance requirements. Example : A covered individual that is employed at the Board wishes to set up a new investment program through which the covered individual will purchase shares in diversified mutual funds. The covered individual plans to make monthly contributions of $1000 to the mutual funds. The covered individual must give the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official 45-days’ advance notice of the qualifying automatic trade program before their first contribution to the mutual funds under the program. In their advance notice, the covered individual should describe the qualifying automated trade program, including the periodicity and amount of contributions to each mutual fund. Once the covered individual receives pre-clearance for the qualifying automatic trade program, the covered individual’s qualifying automatic trades according to the program need no further advance notice or pre-clearance. Q52: Do changes to a qualifying automatic trade program require advance notice and pre-clearance? Updated: 4/15/2022 A52: Some changes to an existing qualifying automatic trade program require 45-days’ advance notice and pre-clearance. Specifically, changes to the periodicity of trades and asset allocation (both fund type and allocation percentages) require 45-days’ advance notice and pre-clearance. However, changes to the dollar amount of contributions do not require 45-days’ advance notice and pre-clearance. Example : A spouse of a covered individual previously received approval to make monthly $1000 contributions to a 403(b) plan offered by his employer through which the spouse invests equally in two diversified mutual funds (Fund A and Fund B), with biannual rebalancing to preserve the 50/50 allocation between the two funds. The following changes to the qualifying automatic trade program would require advance notice and pre-clearance: Changing the periodicity of contributions (e.g., from monthly to quarterly) Changing the types of funds in which the spouse invests (e.g., ceasing purchases of Fund A and purchasing Fund C instead) Changing allocation percentages (e.g., moving from 50/50 between Funds A and B to 75/25) Changing the frequency of rebalancing (e.g., from biannual to quarterly) Making a one-time rebalancing of the portfolio (this would not be a qualifying automatic trade because it is not periodic) Making a one-time transfer of cash from Fund A to Fund B (this would not be a qualifying automatic trade because it is not periodic) The following changes to the qualifying automatic trade program would not require advance notice and pre-clearance: Increasing the periodic contribution amount (e.g., from $1000 to $2000) Decreasing the periodic contribution amount (e.g., from $1000 to $500) Changing the date on which a qualifying automatic trade is made, provided the periodicity does not change (e.g., changing a monthly contribution from the 1st to the 15th of a month) Stopping periodic $1000 contributions (that is, terminating the program) Q53: Does stopping a qualifying automatic trade program require advance notice and pre-clearance? Updated: 4/15/2022 A53: No. Terminating a qualifying automatic trade program does not require advance notice and pre-clearance. Q54: Do I need to provide 45-days’ advance notice for ongoing qualifying automatic trade programs that were already in existence at the time I became a covered individual? Updated: 2/5/2024 A54: No. Qualifying automatic trade programs in existence when you became a covered individual do not require advance notice and pre-clearance; these programs will be grandfathered into the Policy for Covered Individuals. However, covered individuals should notify their ethics officials about any ongoing qualifying automatic trade programs, and certain changes to these programs would require advance notice and pre-clearance. Q55: Are qualifying automatic trades exempt from the one-year holding period, advance notice and pre-clearance process, and financial market stress trading blackout in sections 2(b) through (d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A55: Yes, although changes to qualifying automatic trade programs may require advance notice and pre-clearance. Additionally, if a covered individual wishes to sell securities in a trade that is not a qualifying automatic trade, sections 2(b) through (d) will apply, regardless of whether the securities were originally purchased through qualifying automatic trades. Q56: How are qualifying automatic trades treated during financial market stress periods? Updated: 4/15/2022 A56: During a financial market stress period, a covered individual may (i) terminate a qualifying automatic trade program, such as stopping contributions to a 401(k) account; or (ii) decrease their contribution amount. However, a covered individual cannot initiate a new qualifying automatic trade program or make any other change to a qualifying automatic trade program during such a time. Q57: How does the one-year holding period apply to assets purchased or sold through qualifying automatic trades? Updated: 2/5/2024 A57: The FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff defines a "qualifying automatic trade" as a trade that happens on a periodic, pre-determined basis in connection with a transaction that is permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Under section 2(h)(2) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, qualifying automatic trades are exempt from the requirements in section 2(b) through (d) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, which includes the one-year holding period requirement described in section 2(b). The purchase of an asset through a qualifying automatic trade does not mean that the asset is categorically exempt from the minimum holding period in the future. Rather, assets are exempt from the minimum holding period in section 2(b) so long as any trades in the asset (either purchases or sales) are effectuated through a qualifying automatic