participants on the conduct of monetary policy, and any other individual designated by the Chair, as well as spouses and minor children of covered individuals. Additionally, the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff places restrictions on individuals with access to or knowledge of confidential FOMC information, including prohibitions on certain kinds of investments, a minimum holding period, and a trading blackout around FOMC meetings. FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff (PDF) Policy for Addressing Covered Reserve Bank Employee Material Violations of the Investment & Trading Policy and Financial Disclosure Rules (PDF) There are also rules that apply to how and when policymakers and senior staff speak publicly, so as to not impart an advantage to any specific group or individual. FOMC Policy on External Communications (PDF) A set of FAQs were developed to help policymakers and staff follow the Investment and Trading Policies for Covered Individuals. FAQs Class Waivers from the Investment and Trading Policies for Covered Individuals (PDF) Financial Disclosures Board members, Reserve Bank presidents, and senior staff file annual financial disclosures that are made publicly available. They are also required to publicly disclose transactions involving stocks, bonds, commodity futures, and other securities no later than 45 days after the transaction. Policymaker Disclosures As presidential appointees who are confirmed by the Senate, Board members are required to file annual financial disclosures every year by May 15 ** . Board members are also required to publicly disclose securities transactions involving stocks, bonds, commodity futures, and other securities no later than 45 days after the transaction. Board member financial disclosure reports are reviewed by the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official and the OGE and are then posted on OGE’s website. Generally, Board member disclosure reports are available within 30 days of being received by OGE. These reports can be found on the OGE website . Reserve Bank presidents are required to file annual public financial disclosures every year by May 15**. Reserve Bank presidents are also required to publicly disclose securities transactions involving stocks, bonds, commodity futures, and other securities no later than 45 days after the transaction. Financial disclosures filed by Reserve Bank presidents will be promptly posted on the website of the relevant Federal Reserve Bank. Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas City Dallas San Francisco ** If May 15 falls on a weekend, disclosures are due the following business day. In some cases, policymakers may receive an extension of up to 90 days if, for example, records required to complete a disclosure are not yet available. Return to text Board Staff Disclosures Senior Board staff are required to file annual financial disclosures and disclose securities transactions involving individual stocks and bonds within 45 days. To request copies of Board staff public financial disclosures, please fill out the Office of Government Ethics Form 201 and submit the completed form to [email protected] . Last Update: April 18, 2025 Back to Top