Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Economic Education National High School Fed Challenge Economic Education Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. National High School Fed Challenge Resources for High School Fed Challenge Resources for High School Fed Challenge This is a list of resources for this year's theme, Economics of Food, that teams may find helpful as they research their topic for the High School Fed Challenge. The resources include research and analysis from the Federal Reserve System. Students are not restricted to these resources and may use other reputable or scholarly sources for their work. 2024-2025 Competition Resources: Economics of Food "The Federal Reserve's monetary policy mandate is twofold: to promote maximum employment and stable prices. To do that, we continuously monitor the health of the U.S. economy in general, and because of its sizable share of overall activity, the agricultural sector in particular." - Governor Michelle W. Bowman 1 Food is necessary for human survival and health, but also facilitates social connection and cultural expression. It influences a variety of aspects of our lives and similarly impacts the economy in a multitude of ways. The economics of food spans across agricultural, supply chain, labor, income, and other considerations, driving economic activity at global, national, and community levels. The Federal Reserve conducts research to better understand the food sector in relation to the U.S. economy. We invite High School Fed Challenge teams to submit academically researched podcast scripts on any topic that relates explicitly to this theme. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System This webpage provides research and working papers from the Board of Governors' economists on food prices and spending. Federal Reserve Bank of New York: Liberty Street Economics: What Was Up With Grocery Prices? This research blog discusses the increase of the consumer price index for groceries since the start of the pandemic. It investigates the behavior of raw commodity prices and grocery workers' wages to analyze the rise in food prices. Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland This webpage provides research and community development reports from the Cleveland Fed on topics like food insecurity and food prices. Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland: Inflation 101 This resource contains content and videos that explain inflation including its impact on food prices. Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City: Agriculture and the Economy The Kansas City Fed provides insights on agricultural and rural economies. Their resources include articles, surveys, and research on various topics related to the agricultural economy. Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis: Agriculture and Farming A core focus of the Minneapolis Fed is the business of food and farming. This webpage provides research and data on agriculture and farming. For additional resources, please visit the New York Fed's website . Related Content Federal Reserve Education Resources FRED (Federal Reserve Economic Data) Liberty Street Economics 1. Speech by Governor Bowman on agriculture and community banking - Federal Reserve Board. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: September 12, 2024 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551