Settlement account record interbank transfers for the services provided by the Agent Reserve Banks by debiting their service costs incurred expense account and crediting the Agent Reserve Banks' services provided expense account. The following month, the estimates are trued up through the same process based on actual monthly costs incurred. 10.01 Federal Reserve Notes Outstanding (210-025) Represents the net amount of Federal Reserve notes that are outstanding from the Federal Reserve Agent to the Bank. The account consists of the cumulative net issues of the present size currency minus the amount that has been returned for destruction and credit. Currency of the present size (approximately 2.61 inches by 6.14 inches) was issued beginning in July 1929; the outstanding large-size Federal Reserve notes, which were issued from 1914-1929, were removed from Reserve Bank liabilities in 1961 pursuant to the Old Series Currency Adjustment Act and absorbed into the Public Debt. Eleven denominations of Federal Reserve notes make up the outstanding amount. Seven denominations—$1, $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100—are currently being issued to the Banks. Issuance of larger denominations of $500, $1,000, $5,000, and $10,000 was discontinued in July 1969 and the notes are returned to Treasury for destruction whenever they are received by Reserve Banks from circulation. Federal Reserve notes are a first and paramount lien on all of the assets of the issuing Reserve Bank. Certain of these assets are also set aside as a specific pledge with the Federal Reserve Agent in order to meet a requirement in Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act that the notes that are in circulation outside Reserve Banks be fully collateralized. The collateral must consist of legally specified assets, alone or in any combination: (1) gold certificates, (2) U.S. Government and agency obligations, (3) special drawing rights certificates, (4) certain other assets, chiefly loans under Section 13 and foreign currencies acquired under Section 14, and (5) any other asset of a Federal Reserve Bank. The notes are also obligations of the U. S. Government, but the liability of the Government would arise only in the event of the liquidation of the Reserve Banks and then only to the extent that collateral and remaining assets of the Banks were less than the full amount of notes in circulation. Federal Reserve notes are printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) as ordered by the Board of Governors. They are held in the vaults of the BEP until the Board directs that they be shipped to (1) a Federal Reserve Agent, the Board's representative at the Reserve Bank, or (2) upon authorization from the Agent, to the Reserve Bank cash department. Notes held by the Agent are not monetized—i.e., they are not reported on the balance sheet. They are kept in separate vaults and their status is no different in this respect than if they were still in BEP vaults. There is no advantage in keeping stocks of agent cash at Reserve Banks and in practice all notes are shipped from BEP facilities in Washington, D.C., or Ft. Worth, Texas, to the cash departments. They are issued to the Reserve Bank on the day of shipment, at which time Federal Reserve Notes Outstanding account is credited and Federal Reserve Notes Held by Bank and Branches account is debited. The reverse occurs when notes are canceled and destroyed, as explained in paragraph 50.50 . 10.25 Federal Reserve Notes—Held by Bank and Branches (210-050) This account consists of all present size currency held by the Bank, including currency held in off-site locations, regardless of the Bank of issue. All present size currency is handled and processed for balance sheet reporting purposes as Federal Reserve notes even though small amounts of silver certificates or United States notes may be present. The latter are determined by formula when credit is being taken for unfit currency that is destroyed, and appropriate adjustment is made to Treasury general account. Also included is canceled currency held pending destruction and currency destroyed in "late shift" work on the balance sheet date. 10.26 Federal Reserve Notes—In Transit (210-075) This account is used to record issued notes in transit to or from the Bank, such as new notes that have left the BEP facilities in Washington D.C. or Ft. Worth, Texas, but have not been received by the Reserve Bank, or for notes that have been shipped from one Reserve Bank to another (Fed-to-Fed shipment), but have not been received. This account also includes notes held at a depot site. 10.30 Deposits—Depository Institutions (220-025) Depository institutions' deposits represent balances maintained by depository institutions in accounts at Federal Reserve Banks. Depository institutions may hold balances in master accounts, excess balance accounts, and temporary transitional accounts. Depository institution balances in all of these accounts are captured in this line item. The Reserve Banks pay interest to depository institutions on balances held in these accounts with Reserve Banks. The interest rate paid on balances is determined by the Board of Governors. 10.40 Due to Other FR Banks—Collected Funds (220-075) Amounts that are owed to another Federal Reserve Bank and which, in ordinary circumstances, would have been settled during the day are reported in this account. One of the most common examples is related to transactions where one Reserve Bank owes funds to another Reserve Bank that is closed and cannot accept InterFRB transactions. A separate subsidiary account should be maintained for these transactions. 10.50 U.S. Treasury—General Account (220-100) As part of its function as fiscal agent for Treasury, and as provided by Section 15 of the Federal Reserve Act , the FRBNY maintains a deposit account for Treasury. Deposits in this account include funds realized on the sale of government securities or savings bonds, Federal tax receipts, payments for goods or services rendered by the Government, and payments of Reserve Bank earnings. The account is used by Treasury to make interest payments and redemption payments on government obligations and to pay government checks and other items drawn on the account. 10.60 Foreign Deposits (220-125,