or to avoid documenting the procurement under an applicable non-standard method set forth in paragraphs B.1 through B.6, above. Acquisitions with Federally Funded Research Development Centers (FFRDC) that are congressionally established and governed and managed as per the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) part 35.017. The Board may procure without competition services from a FFRDC if it is determined that the selected FFRDC meets some special long-term research or development need that is integral to the mission and operation of the Board. Procurements with the selected FFRDC shall be requested by the director of the division or office (or their delegate) funding the procurement and will be permitted only if approved by the PAD. Legal Division review is required when the procurement exceeds $200,000 in any contract year. Agreements with visiting scholar(s) or subject-matter expert(s). Services to speak at official Board events are obtained by letter agreement and must be for an amount under $15,000 per event. Total amount per calendar year per scholar or expert shall not exceed $50,000 and includes any reimbursement for travel costs associated with the event(s) that are approved by the COR in accordance with the Board's Travel policy. Legal Division review of these agreements is not required. Detail agreements. These services involve the temporary assignment of Board employees to another governmental entity or of another governmental entity's employee to the Board. The agreement covers matters such as the term and purpose of the detail, who has responsibility for compensating the detailed employee, and how the employee's performance will be evaluated. Consultation with other divisions in regards to these agreements may be required. Legal Division review of these agreements is required, regardless of the expected annual cost. Purchase or lease of real property. When real property is purchased or leased pursuant to the Board's Relocation policy, the procedures thereunder apply, and there is no competition requirement or additional approval process imposed by this Acquisition policy. All other purchases of real property require approval by the Board of Governors. Leases of real property that do not arise from the Board's Relocation policy and whose initial-lease-term cost exceeds $1,000,000 must be approved by the CAO in consultation with the General Counsel (or their delegate) and be in compliance with the Board's Procurement Procedures. Memberships and training. When the Board's participation in a group or organization incurs a membership fee, approval from the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) of the employee(s) who will be representing the Board's interest in such group or organization is necessary if such group or organization is selected without using a standard (competitive) acquisition method. When a Board employee attends training provided by an outside party and incurs a fee that is paid by way of a purchase order or P-Card issued by Procurement, approval from the director of the acquiring division or office (or their delegate) of the employee is required. This procurement method should not be used to avoid the Board's preference for competitive acquisition of on-site training for Board employees under a standard acquisition method or to avoid documenting the procurement under an applicable non-standard method set forth in paragraphs B.1 through B.6, above. Purchase of artwork or artwork framing for the Fine Arts Program. For the purchase or commissioning of artwork or artwork framing for the Fine Arts Program, there is no competition requirement imposed by this Acquisition policy. Procurements made under this method must be requested by the director of the Fine Arts Program and approved by the director of the division of office (or their delegate) funding the procurement, and will be permitted only if approved. The PAD is authorized to approve the purchase of artwork or artwork framing if the total cost of the contract is under $200,000. All requests that exceed $200,000 require Legal Division review and CAO approval. Contract Administration A. Roles and Responsibilities The Procurement Function shall document the acquisition process in the contract file as per the requirements in the Board's Procurement Procedures. The division or office funding the contract must designate a COR to act as the CO's representative to perform specific functions under awarded contracts. The COR normally represents the CO in administering technical and program details within the scope of the contract. If more than one division or office is funding a contract, the CO will designate the COR. Any employee designated as a COR must take a Board-sponsored or Board-approved course on COR responsibilities prior to designation as a COR. Board-sponsored training is valid for three years. The employee must maintain a current training certificate while designated as a COR. The COR is responsible for keeping the CO apprised of the status of the contract, for performing necessary inspections, and for accepting goods or services. The COR reviews invoices and decides whether to approve them for payment. The COR is required to maintain all documentation needed to support payments and contractor performance. The COR is not authorized to make any representations or commitments of any kind on behalf of the CO or the Board. The COR does not have the authority to alter the contractor's obligations or change the terms and conditions of any contract. Any changes to a contract, including a modification or change order, must be issued in writing and signed by the CO. Penalties for violating this Acquisition policy are outlined in the Procurement Procedures. B. Release of Acquisition Information Information concerning proposed acquisitions may not be released to any vendor except through the Procurement Function or with the CO's prior consent. If information concerning proposed acquisitions is inappropriately provided to vendors and the vendor would obtain an unfair competitive advantage over other vendors, the vendor receiving such advantage may be disqualified from being awarded the contract. Until an award is made, any information contained in bids or proposals and other information concerning the award shall not be released to any person except Board staff directly involved in the evaluation and selection process. Additionally, where technical ability is being considered in addition