the amount of the shortage and debit profit and loss. A credit will then be made to profit and loss. Notes missing from inventory at Bureau of Engraving and Printing : For all unissued notes (in either note or sheet form) which the BEP determines to be missing from its inventories, the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent will issue the notes as shown on the BEP's Letter of Advice. The Reserve Bank will record two entries: first, credit Federal Reserve notes outstanding and debit profit and loss; and second, credit profit and loss and debit to Treasury general account. 51.50 Statements of the Federal Reserve Agent Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act requires that each Federal Reserve Agent make daily reports to the Board of Governors on issues and withdrawals of Federal Reserve notes; in addition, the Board requires a monthly report in considerable detail. The reports are prepared by the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent in Washington. The daily report, conforming to FR 5, should show the amount of Federal Reserve notes received from Treasury, on hand, and outstanding, and the classification of collateral security held against Federal Reserve notes. The Assistant Agent should communicate to each Bank daily, for verification by the Bank against its balance sheet, the amount of Federal Reserve notes outstanding as shown on the FR 5 database. The District balance for Federal Reserve notes outstanding is computer-generated upon acceptance of all head office and Branch data. The monthly report, conforming to FR 44, should show by denomination the cumulative data for issues of notes, notes on hand, notes returned for destruction and credit, and amount outstanding at the end of the month. The amounts reported should agree where applicable with data reported on form FR 5 after taking into account large and small notes clearings, which are reflected on the FR 44, but are not reflected on form FR 5. The report is sent by the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent to Treasury, Financial Management Service, Government-wide Accounting, Cash Accounting Division and to the Office of Compliance. 51.65 Reports to the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent The Assistant Agent in Washington receives information daily from Board Divisions, from Treasury and from the Reserve Banks. The data from the Reserve Banks include the amount of unfit notes redeemed for the day by denomination and office, and must be received by RBOPS by 10:00 p.m. ET daily. Other reported information is covered by instructions from the Assistant Agent. These include a report by RBOPS of changes in the gold and SDR certificate accounts, a report by the FRBNY of changes in holdings of securities in the System Open Market Account, and letters of advice of purchases of uncut sheets of notes by the BEP and of purchases of notes by the U.S. Treasurer. 51.70 Accountability Records Under an agreement with and at the request of the Treasury, RBOPS maintains the official accounts for Federal Reserve notes that are held in Washington by the BEP, at Federal Reserve offices, by Federal Reserve Agents and that are outstanding to the Reserve Banks. Records with respect to notes printed and delivered to vaults at BEP are derived from advices received from the Production Division of the BEP; records on currency released to Federal Reserve Agents or the Banks from shipment advices; and records on currency destroyed from the FR 5 database as reported by each cash department followed by a certified monthly summary. The monthly summary should be reported by each Office by the fifth business day of the month following the end of the report period to permit early verification and subsequent certification by RBOPS to the Treasury. RBOPS also uses these records as a basis for certifying Federal Reserve note accounts to the Audit Departments at Reserve Banks and others. Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551