except such as, in the judgment of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, shall be incidental to its international or foreign business: And provided further , That except such as is incidental and preliminary to its organization no such corporation shall exercise any of the powers conferred by this section until it has been duly authorized by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to commence business as a corporation organized under the provisions of this section. [12 USC 616. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 381).] 9. Corporation trading in commodities or attempting to control prices No corporation organized under this section shall engage in commerce or trade in commodities except as specifically provided in this section, nor shall it either directly or indirectly control or fix or attempt to control or fix the price of an such commodities. The charter of any corporation violating this provision shall be subject to forfeiture in the manner hereinafter provided in this section. It shall be unlawful for any director, officer, agent, or employee of any such corporation to use or to conspire to use the credit; the funds, or the power of the corporation to fix or control the price of any such commodities, and any such person violating this provision shall be liable to a fine of not less than $1,000 and not exceeding $5,000 or imprisonment not less than one year and not exceeding five years, or both, in the discretion of the court. [12 USC 617. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 81).] 10. Capital stock No corporation shall be organized under the provisions of this section with a capital stock of less than $2,000,000, one-quarter of which must be paid in before the corporation may be authorized to begin business, and the remainder of the capital stock of such corporation shall be paid in installments of at least 10 per centum on the whole amount to which the corporation shall be limited as frequently as one installment at the end of each succeeding two months from the time of the commencement of its business operations until the whole of the capital stock shall be paid in: Provided, however, That whenever $2,000,000 of the capital stock of any corporation is paid in the remainder of the corporation's capital stock or any unpaid part of such remainder may, with the consent of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and subject to such regulations and conditions as it may prescribe, be paid in upon call from the board of directors; such unpaid subscriptions, however, to be included in the maximum of 10 per centum of the national bank's capital and surplus which a national bank is permitted under the provisions of this Act to hold in stock of corporations engaged in business of the kind described in this section and in section 25 of the Federal Reserve Act as amended. The capital stock of any such corporation may be increased at any time, with the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, by a vote of two-thirds of its shareholders or by unanimous consent in writing of the shareholders without a meeting and without a formal vote, but any such increase of capital shall be fully paid in within ninety days after such approval; and may be reduced in like manner, provided that in no event shall it be less than $2,000,000. No corporation, except as herein provided, shall during the time it shall continue its operations, withdraw or permit to be withdrawn, either in the form of dividends or otherwise, any portion of its capital. Any national bank may invest in the stock of any corporation organized under this section. The aggregate amount of stock held by any national bank in all corporations engaged in business of the kind described in this section or section 25 shall not exceed an amount equal to 10 percent of the capital and surplus of such bank unless the Board determines that the investment of an additional amount by the bank would not be unsafe or unsound and, in any case, shall not exceed an amount equal to 20 percent of the capital and surplus of such bank. [12 USC 618. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 381); and amended by acts of June 14, 1921 (42 Stat. 28) and Sept. 30, 1996 (110 Stat. 3009-426).] 11. Citizenship of stockholders Except as otherwise provided in this section, a majority of the shares of the capital stock of any such corporation shall at all times be held and owned by citizens of the United States, by corporations the controlling interest in which is owned by citizens of the United States, chartered under the laws of the United States or of a State of the United States, or by firms or companies, the controlling interest in which is owned by citizens of the United States. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this section, one or more foreign banks, institutions organized under the laws of foreign countries which own or control foreign banks, or banks organized under the laws of the United States, the States of the United States, or the District of Columbia, the controlling interests in which are owned by any such foreign banks or institutions, may, with the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and upon such terms and conditions and subject to such rules and regulations as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe, own and hold 50 per centum or more of the shares of the capital stock of any corporation organized under this section, and any such corporation shall be subject to the same provisions of law as any other corporation organized under this section, and the terms "controls" and "controlling interest" shall be construed consistently with the definition of "control" in section 2 of the Bank