expenses necessarily incurred in connection with the procuring of such notes and all other expenses incidental to their issue, redemption, replacement, retirement and destruction. [Formerly 12 USC 445 but since 1994 omitted from the U.S. Code as obsolete. As amended by acts of March 9, 1933 (48 Stat. 6); June 12, 1945 (59 Stat. 238); and Sept. 23, 1994 (108 Stat. 2293). This paragraph was in effect repealed by section 3 of the act of June 12, 1945, which provided: "All power and authority with respect to the issuance of circulating notes, known as Federal Reserve bank notes, pursuant to the sixth paragraph of section 18 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended by section 401 of the Act approved March 9, 1933 (48 Stat. 1, 6), shall cease and terminate on the date of enactment of this Act." As to redemption of Federal Reserve bank notes when the bank of issue cannot be identified, see section 2 of the act of June 13, 1933 (12 USC 122a).] 7. Exchange of 2 percent gold bonds for 1-year gold notes and 30-year 3 percent gold bonds Upon application of any Federal reserve bank, approved by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Secretary of the Treasury may issue, in exchange for United States two per centum gold bonds bearing the circulation privilege, but against which no circulation is outstanding, one-year gold notes of the United States without the circulation privilege, to an amount not to exceed one-half of the two per centum bonds so tendered for exchange, and thirty-year three per centum gold bonds without the circulation privilege for the remainder of the two per centum bonds so tendered: Provided , That at the time of such exchange the Federal reserve bank obtaining such one-year gold notes shall enter into an obligation with the Secretary of the Treasury binding itself to purchase from the United States for gold at the maturity of such one-year notes, an amount equal to those delivered in exchange for such bonds, if so requested by the Secretary, and at each maturity of one-year notes so purchased by such Federal reserve bank, to purchase from the United States such an amount of one-year notes as the Secretary may tender to such bank, not to exceed the amount issued to such bank in the first instance, in exchange for the two per centum United States gold bonds; said obligation to purchase at maturity such notes shall continue in force for a period not to exceed thirty years. [Formerly 12 USC 446 but since 1994 omitted from the U.S. Code as obsolete. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 8. Issue of 1-year Treasury notes and 30-year 3 percent gold bonds For the purpose of making the exchange herein provided for, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue at par Treasury notes in coupon or registered form as he may prescribe in denominations of one hundred dollars, or any multiple thereof, bearing interest at the rate of three per centum per annum, payable quarterly, such Treasury notes to be payable not more than one year from the date of their issue in gold coin of the present standard value, and to be exempt as to principal and interest from the payment of all taxes and duties of the United States except as provided by this Act, as well as from taxes in any form by or under State, municipal, or local authorities. And for the same purpose, the Secretary is authorized and empowered to issue United States gold bonds at par, bearing three per centum interest payable thirty years from date of issue, such bonds to be of the same general tenor and effect and to be issued under the same general terms and conditions as the United States three per centum bonds without the circulation privilege now issued and outstanding. [Formerly 12 USC 447 but since 1994 omitted from the U.S. Code as obsolete. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] 9. Exchange of 3 percent bonds for 1-year notes Upon application of any Federal reserve bank, approved by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Secretary may issue at par such three per centum bonds in exchange for the one-year gold notes therein provided for. [Formerly 12 USC 448 but since 1994 omitted from the U.S. Code as obsolete. Part of original Federal Reserve Act; not amended.] Back to Top Last Update: March 13, 2017 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551