agencies, other law enforcement agencies, in response to federal or state grand jury, criminal trial, or government administrative subpoenas, a court order, or other legal process. Am I Protected from Retaliation? The Federal Reserve takes seriously claims of retaliation against whistleblowers and encourages any claim of retaliation to be reported to us. If you are an employee of a depository institution, your employer cannot retaliate against you for reporting to us a possible violation of any law or regulation. A bank that does so may be sued by the whistleblower employee in federal court and the court may require the bank to reinstate the employee, pay compensatory damages, or take other actions to remedy any past discrimination. (12 U.S.C. § 1831j) Am I Eligible for a Monetary Reward? The Federal Reserve is authorized to provide monetary incentives to individuals who come forward to report possible violations of certain federal banking laws. In appropriate circumstances and with the concurrence of the U.S. Attorney General, the Federal Reserve is authorized to award up to $100,000 for original information about a financial institution's illegal activity that results in monetary sanctions collected by the Federal Reserve or by certain other regulatory or law enforcement agencies. (12 U.S.C. § 1831k) How Do I File a Whistleblower Report? You can choose to file by phone, email, or mail: Phone 1-800-337-0429 Email [email protected] or the Contact Us form Mail Office of the Ombuds Federal Reserve Board 20th & C Streets, NW OSEC Ombuds Office, M-4775 Washington, D.C. 20551 Other things to know about submitting a whistleblower report: All of our investigations are confidential. This means we cannot confirm or deny the existence of an investigation or give you updates on the status of your report. If we have questions about the information you have provided, and you have given us your contact information, we will contact you. The more specific your report is, the better. For example, it is helpful if you can identify any individuals involved in the activity, any documents or materials that may support the possible violation, and examples of particular misconduct. A whistleblower need not be a company insider. A whistleblower can be anyone with information about potential wrongdoing. The public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 0.5 hours per response, including the time to gather and maintain data in the required form and to review instructions and complete the information collection. Suggestions for reducing this burden may be directed to: Secretary, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Washington, DC 20551; and to the Office of Management and Budget, Paperwork Reduction Project (7100-0387), Washington, DC 20503. The Federal Reserve may not conduct or sponsor, and an organization (or a person) is not required to respond to a collection of information, unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number. Back to Top Last Update: May 02, 2024 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System About the Fed News & Events Monetary Policy Supervision & Regulation Financial Stability Payment Systems Economic Research Data Consumers & Communities Connect with the Board Tools and Information Contact Publications Freedom of Information (FOIA) Office of Inspector General Budget & Performance | Audit No FEAR Act Español Website Policies | Privacy Program Accessibility Stay Connected Federal Reserve Facebook Page Federal Reserve Instagram Page Federal Reserve YouTube Page Federal Reserve Flickr Page Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page Federal Reserve Threads Page Link to Federal Reserve Twitter Page Subscribe to RSS Subscribe to Email Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 20th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, DC 20551