the Federal Reserve Act provisions and the discussion of assets and expenses in Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6, treatment of the assessment for the costs to procure Federal Reserve notes as a period expense is appropriate. Other Considerations Consideration might be given to treating the costs to procure notes as debt issuance cost. Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6 discusses debt issue cost as follows: "Debt issue cost…is either an expense or a reduction of the related debt liability. Debt issue cost is not an asset for the same reason that debt discount is not—it provides no future economic benefit. Debt issue cost in effect reduces the proceeds of borrowing and increases the effective interest rate and thus may be accounted for the same as debt discount. However, debt issue cost may also be considered an expense of the period of borrowing." We do not believe that the note printing costs are debt issuance costs. Federal Reserve notes differ from typical debt instruments because they are non-interest bearing in a traditional sense and have no stated term. The printing costs do not reduce the proceeds of the Bank's liability related to outstanding Federal Reserve notes and, therefore, are not similar to a debt discount. The issuance of Federal Reserve notes is fundamentally different than the debt issuances described in this section of Concept Statement No. 6 and treating the costs as assessment expense is a more appropriate accounting approach. Further, Concept Statement No. 6 allows for treatment of the costs as a period expense. Conclusion The accounting treatment of BEP printing costs that has been followed by the Board and the Reserve Banks remains appropriate. This accounting treatment is based on the requirements of the Federal Reserve Act, and is consistent with the accounting guidance in Statement of Financial Accounting Concept No. 6. Footnotes 1. This section was revised in April 2013 and the revision is in Reserve Banks Note Accountability System. Return to text 2. Prior to January 1, 2021, spare sensors were recorded as deferred assets and amortization schedule was tied to the maintenance agreement. Return to text 3. Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No. 6 states that an asset has three essential characteristics: (a) it embodies a probable future benefit that involves a capacity, singly or in combination with other assets, to contribute directly or indirectly to future net cash inflows, (b) a particular entity can obtain the benefit and control others access to it, and (c) the transaction or other event giving rise to the entity's right to or control of the benefit has already occurred. Return to text 4. Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No. 6 states that expenses represent actual or expected cash outlays that have occurred or will eventuate as a result of the entity's ongoing major or central operations. The transactions and events from which expenses arise and the expenses themselves are in many forms—for example, cost of goods sold, cost of services provided, depreciation, interest, rent and salaries and wages—depending on the kinds of operations involved and the way expenses are recognized. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 03, 2025