value of a guarantee at inception is not equal to the guarantor's single best estimate of what it will be required to pay under the guarantee. It has further clarified that the notion of fair value contemplates the range of probabilities and potential payments that could be required under the guarantee, not merely a point estimate of the most likely outcome. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 does not prescribe specific accounting for the guarantor's offsetting entry when it recognizes a guarantee liability. That offsetting entry depends on the circumstances in which the guarantee was issued, as illustrated in FASB ASC Topic 460-10: If the guarantee were issued in a stand-alone transaction for a premium, the offsetting entry would be the consideration received (such as cash or a receivable). If the guarantee were issued in conjunction with the sale of assets, a product, or a business, the overall proceeds (such as the cash received or receivable) would be allocated between the consideration being remitted to the guarantor for issuing the guarantee and the proceeds from the sale. That allocation would affect the calculation of the gain or loss on the sale transaction. If the guarantee were issued in conjunction with the formation of a partially owned business or a venture accounted for under the equity method, the recognition of the liability for the guarantee would result in an increase to the carrying amount of the investment. If a guarantee were issued to an unrelated party for no consideration on a stand-alone basis (that is, not in conjunction with any other transaction or ownership relationship), the offsetting entry would be to expense. In most cases, the Reserve Banks enter into agreements accounted for as guarantees for no consideration. In these cases, the fourth situation listed above would be applicable, and the Banks should charge the initial obligation to profit and loss (FR 34 Account 330-080). 84.06 Subsequent Measurement of a Guarantee Subsequent to initial measurement, the accounting would depend on the nature of the guarantee and how the Reserve Bank (guarantor) is released from risk. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 provides three possible approaches to the subsequent accounting for the guarantee: 18 Marking the guarantee to fair value at each balance sheet date, so long as the guarantee remains outstanding; Leaving the guarantee at its original amount until either expiration or settlement of the guarantee; A systematic and rational amortization of the value of the guarantee to income over the period of the guarantee. If the guarantee issued by a Reserve Bank is based on a change in an underlying, such as a change in the fair value of certain assets of the guaranteed party (market value guarantee), then the subsequent measurement of the liability should be based on marking the guarantee to market at each balance sheet date. This approach is especially relevant if the obligation was initially measured using a fair value approach. If a fair value approach is not feasible, then the value of the guarantee may be amortized over the period of the guarantee in a systematic and rational manner. Any residual liability that remains at the termination of the guarantee should be recorded to profit and loss in the period of the termination. For a guarantee whereby the Reserve Bank agrees to make loans to the guaranteed party based on the occurrence of a future event, the period of the guarantee expires when the maximum amount of loans required under the guarantee have been extended. 84.07 Disclosure The Reserve Bank must disclose the following information about each guarantee, or each group of similar guarantees in its annual financial statements, even if the likelihood of having to make any payments under the guarantee is remote: The nature of the guarantee, including the approximate term of the guarantee, how the guarantee arose, and the events or circumstances that would require the Reserve Bank to perform under the guarantee. The maximum potential amount of undiscounted future payments the Reserve Bank could be required to make under the guarantee. That maximum potential amount of future payments shall not be reduced by the effect of any amounts that may possibly be recovered under recourse or collateralization provisions in the guarantee. If the terms of the guarantee provide for no limitation to the maximum potential future payments under the guarantee, that fact shall be disclosed. If the Reserve Bank is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under its guarantee, it shall disclose the reasons why it cannot estimate the maximum potential amount. The current carrying amount of the liability, if any, for the Reserve Bank's obligations under the guarantee (including FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingency liability), regardless of whether the guarantee is freestanding or embedded in another contract. The nature of (1) any recourse provisions that would enable the Reserve Bank to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the guarantee and (2) any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that, upon the occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the guarantee, the Reserve Bank can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the guarantee. The Reserve Bank shall indicate, if estimable, the approximate extent to which the proceeds from liquidation of those assets would be expected to cover the maximum potential amount of future payments under the guarantee. The method used for subsequent accounting for the guarantee and an explanation of why the method chosen is appropriate for the guarantee. Footnotes 1. As defined for accounting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 460-10. This may differ from the legal definition of a guarantee. See paragraph 84.01 for further discussion on Guarantees. Return to text 2. Collateral value method does not apply to loans with recourse. Present value of expected cash flows or market price methods are more representative of the impairment since the lender has recourse to additional assets of the borrower. Return to text 3. The percentage of loans (%) expected