with a primary distribution of securities-- is in privity of contract with the issuer or an affiliated person of the issuer; acting alone or in concert with one or more other persons, initiates or directs the formation of an underwriting syndicate; or is allowed a rate of gross commission, spread, or other profit greater than the rate allowed another underwriter participating in the distribution. (c) Advertising Restriction. A member bank or any subsidiary or affiliate of a member bank shall not publish any advertisement or enter into any agreement stating or suggesting that the bank shall in any way be responsible for the obligations of its affiliates. (d) Definitions. For the purpose of this section-- the term "affiliate" has the meaning given to such term in section 23A (but does not include any company described in section (b)(2) of such section or any bank); the terms "bank", "subsidiary", "person", and "security" (other than security as used in subsection (b)) have the meanings given to such terms in section 23A; and the term "covered transaction" has the meaning given to such term in section 23A (but does not include any transaction which is exempt from such definition under subsection (d) of such section). (e) Regulations. In General. The Board may prescribe regulations to administer and carry out the purposes of this section, including-- regulations to further define terms used in this section; and subject to paragraph (2), if the Board finds that an exemption or exclusion is in the public interest and is consistent with the purposes of this section, and notifies the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of such finding, regulations to-- exempt transactions or relationships from the requirements of this section; and exclude any subsidiary of a bank holding company from the definition of affiliate for purposes of this section. Exception. The Board may grant an exemption or exclusion under this subsection only if, during the 60-day period beginning on the date of receipt of notice of the finding from the Board under paragraph (1)(B), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation does not object, in writing, to such exemption or exclusion, based on a determination that the exemption presents an unacceptable risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. [12 USC 371c-1. As added by act of Aug. 10, 1987 (101 Stat. 564) and amended by acts of Nov. 12, 1999 (113 Stat. 1480) and July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 1610).] Back to Top Last Update: February 14, 2017