Securities Holdings and Transactions Statistics Reported by Banks and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Federal Reserve Act Federal Reserve Act Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Official title Section 1. Short title and definitions Section 2. Federal Reserve Districts Section 2A. Monetary policy objectives Section 2B. Appearances Before and Reports to the Congress Section 3. Branch Offices Section 4. Federal Reserve Banks Section 5. Stock Issues; Increase and Decrease of Capital Section 6. Insolvency of member banks Section 7. Division of Earnings Section 8. Conversion of state banks into national banks Section 9. State Banks as Members Section 9A. Participation in lotteries prohibited Section 9B. Resolution of Clearing Banks Section 10. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 10A. Emergency advances to groups of member banks* Section 10B. Advances to Individual Member Banks* Section 11. Powers of Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Section 11A. Pricing of Services Section 11B. Annual Independent Audits of Federal Reserve Banks and Board Section 11C. Master Account and Services Database Section 12. Federal Advisory Council Section 12A. Federal Open Market Committee Section 13. Powers of Federal Reserve Banks Section 13A.* Discount of agricultural paper Section 14. Open-Market Operations Section 15. Government Deposits Section 16. Note Issues Section 17. Deposit of bonds by national banks Section 18. Refunding Bonds Section 19. Bank Reserves Section 20. National bank notes redemption fund as reserve Section 21. Bank Examinations Section 22. Offenses of examiners, member banks, officers, and directors Section 23. Interbank Liabilities* Section 23A. Relations with affiliates Section 23B. Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates Section 24. Real Estate Loans Section 24A. Investment in Bank Premises or Stock of Corporation Holding Premises Section 25. Foreign Branches Section 25A. Banking Corporations Authorized to Do Foreign Banking Business* Section 25B. Jurisdiction of suits* Section 25C. Potential Liability on Foreign Accounts Section 26. [Repealed] Section 27. Tax on national bank notes Section 28. Reduction of capital of national banks Section 29. Civil Money Penalty Section 30. Saving clause Section 31. Reservation of right to amend Section 10. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 1. Appointment and qualification of members The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (hereinafter referred to as the "Board") shall be composed of seven members, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, after the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, for terms of fourteen years except as hereinafter provided, but each appointive member of the Federal Reserve Board in office on such date shall continue to serve as a member of the Board until February 1, 1936, and the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Currency shall continue to serve as members of the Board until February 1, 1936. In selecting the members of the Board, not more than one of whom shall be selected from any one Federal Reserve district, the President shall have due regard to a fair representation of the financial, agricultural, industrial, and commercial interests, and geographical divisions of the country. In selecting members of the Board, the President shall appoint at least 1 member with demonstrated primary experience working in or supervising community banks having less than $10,000,000,000 in total assets. The members of the Board shall devote their entire time to the business of the Board and shall each receive an annual salary of $15,000, payable monthly, together with actual necessary traveling expenses. [12 USC 241. As amended by acts of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 620); Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 704); and Jan. 12, 2015 (129 Stat. 9). Prior to the enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, approved Aug. 23, 1935, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System was known as the Federal Reserve Board. See note to the third paragraph of section 1. The portion of this paragraph dealing with salaries of Board members has in effect been amended numerous times, most recently by Executive Order. Prior to the act of December 27, 2000, section 1002 of which revised the executive schedule, the salary of the chairman of the Board was set at executive schedule level 2 and the salary of other members at level 3. The salary of the chairman of the Board is now set at executive schedule level I, and the salary of other members at level II (see 2 USC 358 and 5 USC 5313 and 5314).] 2. Members ineligible to serve member banks; term of office; chairman and vice chairman The members of the Board shall be ineligible during the time they are in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in any member bank, except that this restriction shall not apply to a member who has served the full term for which he was appointed. Upon the expiration of the term of any appointive member