and Other Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Economic Education The Federal Reserve and the Financial Crisis: Discussion Questions Economic Education Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Lecture One: Origins and Mission of the Federal Reserve Lecture Two: The Federal Reserve after WWII Lecture Three: The Federal Reserve's Response to the Financial Crisis Lecture Four: The Aftermath of the Crisis Lecture Two: The Federal Reserve after WWII Lecture 2, Video Clip 12: Monetary policy during and after WWII Questions for Classroom Discussion: How did the Fed cooperate with the U.S. Treasury during and immediately after World War II? What were the economic consequences of keeping interest rates low? Lecture 2, Video Clip 13: The Fed-Treasury Accord and central bank independence Questions for Classroom Discussion: Describe the Fed-Treasury Accord and evaluate whether it was effective in improving economic conditions. Discuss the implications of the agreement. Identify the various ways in which the Federal Reserve is insulated from political influence. Compare the costs and benefits to society of central bank independence. Lecture 2, Video Clip 14: Monetary policy in the ' 50s and early ' 60s Questions for Classroom Discussion: What was a "lean against the wind" policy? Was it effective in the 1950s and early 1960s? Describe monetary policy in the mid-1960s and into the 1970s? What was the rationale of the policy? Was the trade-off between inflation and unemployment relevant to the choice of policy? Why or why not? Lecture 2, Video Clip 15: Mid-'60s and '70s monetary policy Questions for Classroom Discussion: Evaluate the appropriateness of policy in the mid-1960s and into the 1970s and explain how policy impacted economic conditions. Describe exacerbating factors other than monetary policy that may have contributed to the high rates of inflation and numerous recessions from the mid-1960s through the 1970s. Lecture 2, Video Clip 16: Central bankers have imperfect knowledge Questions for Classroom Discussion: Why was the idea of a permanent tradeoff between unemployment and inflation so important in contributing to inflationary conditions? How did that lead to a concept of "fine-tuning"? Why were the estimates of full-employment levels of unemployment so important? Explain the roles and importance of data collection and forecasting in monetary policy. Why is accuracy in forecasting so important? Lecture 2, Video Clip 17: Volcker disinflation Questions for Classroom Discussion: What does "disinflation" mean? Is it desirable? Why or why not? What was the role of monetary policy in contributing to disinflation in the late 1970s and early 1980s? Describe the conditions leading up to the 1981-82 recession. Summarize monetary policy before and during the recession. What were Chairman Volker's goals? Why was there significant political pressure against the policy? How did this experience affect monetary policy after the recession and even today? Will the U.S. ever have a similar phenomenon to the Great Inflation? Why or why not? Lecture 2, Video Clip 18: The Great Moderation Questions for Classroom Discussion: Define the term "Great Moderation." Give examples of its characteristics? What happened to the rate of growth of real GDP? What happened to inflation rates? What happened to the length and frequency of recessionary periods? Lecture 2, Video Clip 19: Causes of the Great Moderation Questions for Classroom Discussion: What was the role of monetary policy during the Great Moderation? How could changes in business practices, such as improved inventory management, make a difference in recessionary pressures and inflation? Were there financial crises during the Great Moderation? What were the effects? What can we learn from the Great Moderation? How does that period affect monetary and fiscal policy today? Compare monetary policy since the Volcker era to monetary policy in the 1960s and 1970s. What are the key differences? Which was the more effective, and why? Explain why financial crises became less of a concern during the Great Moderation? Did they disappear? Lecture 2, Video Clip 20: The housing bubble Questions for Classroom Discussion: How large was the increase in housing prices? Describe what caused the rapid rise in housing prices. What is a bubble? Why are rising asset prices not necessarily a positive event for everyone? What are several possible causes of the bubble? Lecture 2, Video Clip 21: Deterioration in lending standards Questions for Classroom Discussion: Describe the characteristics of the decline in lending standards. Explain why lending standards seemed to deteriorate. Give examples of changing incentives. How could deterioration in lending standards be caused by a bubble and at the same time contribute to the housing bubble? Lecture 2, Video Clip 22: Bursting of the bubble: Declining demand, falling prices Questions for Classroom Discussion: List several causes of the bursting of the housing bubble. Explain how each could contribute to the decline in housing prices. What were the effects of the bursting housing-price bubble on the rest of the economy? Lecture 2, Video Clip 23: Financial crisis triggers vs. vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: Define a financial crisis trigger and