the rest of the economy? Lecture 2, Video Clip 23: Financial crisis triggers vs. vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: Define a financial crisis trigger and give examples. Define a financial crisis vulnerability and give examples. How did the triggers and vulnerabilities lead to serious declines in economic conditions? Why was the collapse in housing prices so much more serious than the collapse of dot-com stock prices in 2001? How did the Great Moderation affect the vulnerability of the economy to a serious financial trigger? Lecture 2, Video Clip 24: Private-sector vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: What were the private-sector vulnerabilities that amplified the effects of the triggers? Explain how increased leverage, financial institutions' failure to monitor their own risk adequately, increased short-term funding, and new exotic financial instruments amplified the effects of the triggers. Lecture 2, Video Clip 25: Public-sector vulnerabilities Questions for Classroom Discussion: What were the public-sector vulnerabilities that amplified the effects of the triggers? What were the gaps in the regulatory structure? How did those gaps lead to a worsening of the financial crisis? What additional failures by regulatory agencies took place during the financial crisis? Explain how each contributed to a worsening of the crisis. What are systemic problems? How did systemic problems differ from problems with individual banks or small groups of banks? Why did they receive insufficient attention? Lecture 2, Video Clip 26: Role of monetary policy in contributing to the crisis Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the evidence about the role of monetary policy in contributing to the crisis. Is that evidence convincing one way or another? Lecture 2, Video Clip 27: Economic consequences of the crisis Questions for Classroom Discussion: Summarize the effects of the financial crisis on financial markets. How did the collapse of the housing bubble affect housing construction? Explain why. Describe how and why unemployment changed during the bubble and the subsequent financial crisis. Accessible Keys for Video [Space Bar] toggles play/pause; [Right/Left Arrows] seeks the video forwards and back (5 sec ); [Up/Down Arrows] increase/decrease volume; [M] toggles mute on/off; [F] toggles fullscreen on/off (Except IE 11); The [Tab] key may be used in combination with the [Enter/Return] key to navigate and activate control buttons, such as caption on/off. Back to Top Last Update: November 17, 2016