other investees, or investees providing guarantees or collateral for borrowing arrangements of other investees. In considering the above criteria and their effect on the conclusion about whether an entity is an investment company, some factors may be more or less significant than others, depending on the facts and circumstances, and therefore, more or less heavily weighted in determining whether an entity is an investment company. Criteria 1 through 6 may individually prevent an entity from being classified as an investment company, Criteria 7 through 16 (other factors) are to be evaluated both individually and on a combined basis. Any single criterion of 7 through 16 is not necessarily determinative of whether the entity is an investment company. All of the criteria, however, must be assessed qualitatively, and professional judgment will need to be exercised. 83.01 Valuation of Non-SOMA Financial Assets and Liabilities This paragraph provides guidance on the valuation of financial assets and liabilities that are not held in the SOMA. The Reserve Banks, largely as a result of liquidity initiatives, have acquired financial assets and liabilities that are not part of SOMA. These financial assets and liabilities should be accounted for in accordance with GAAP applicable to commercial entities. Historically in some cases, the assets were reported by a Reserve Bank through the consolidation of legal entities under the terms of its organization and typically applied GAAP to these assets and liabilities. If appropriate, the Reserve Bank may accept the accounting applied by the VIE, but should review the accounting treatment in consultation with RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section to ensure consistent accounting for similar Bank assets. 83.02 Evaluating Assets and Liabilities under Relevant Accounting Standards Financial assets may include commercial paper, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, commercial and residential mortgages, derivative financial instruments, other asset-backed securities, preferred securities, and similar securities. Financial liabilities may include obligations arising under derivative financial instruments and obligations due third-party SPE financial interest holders. 13 The Bank must carefully consider the nature of the financial instrument and the intent of the Bank in holding the instrument to determine the appropriate valuation approach. There are three primary GAAP requirements under which these assets and liabilities should be valued: FASB ASC Topic 320-10 provides general guidance on the valuation of all debt securities and equity securities that have readily determinable fair values. Under FASB ASC Topic 320-10, the debt and equity securities are classified into three categories: Held-to-maturity securities are reported at amortized cost . Trading securities are reported at fair value , with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value , with unrealized gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income as a separate component of shareholders' equity. Held-to-maturity classification is appropriate in those cases in which the Bank has both the intent and likelihood to hold the securities to maturity. For example, in the case of commercial paper which typically has a relatively short maturity, it may be most appropriate to account for the asset as held-to-maturity. The trading-securities classification is appropriate in cases in which the stated intent with respect to the asset portfolio is an orderly liquidation of assets, since there is no intent to hold the assets to maturity. Available-for-sale securities are generally a residuary category, meeting the definition of neither trading, nor held-to-maturity securities. Other real estate assets may be acquired as a result of defaults on the related collateralized asset. Such assets should be recorded at fair value at the date possession is taken of the asset and subsequently should be measured in accordance with paragraph 30.95 . The facts and circumstances of each case may need to be evaluated in order to determine when possession occurs. FASB ASC Topic 825-10 allows entities to voluntarily and irrevocably choose, at specified election dates, to measure many financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. The election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, all subsequent changes in fair value for that instrument must be reported in earnings. Under FASB ASC Topic 825-10 measuring financial assets and liabilities at fair value is permissible for those assets and liabilities that would otherwise be classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Electing the fair value option might be appropriate to prevent valuing related assets and liabilities differently. For example, a financial asset and its related derivative, such as a hedging transaction, might be valued differently under FASB ASC Topic 320-10 whereas FASB ASC Topic 825-10 would permit valuing both using fair value. This might reduce volatility in reporting earnings and better reflect the overall economics of the transactions. Another example might be one in which a specific financial liability will be settled from the proceeds of a portfolio of assets; in this case it would be desirable to measure the related assets and liabilities on a similar basis. The fair value option can be elected for the following items: Loan and mortgage receivables Debt and equity investments (available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities) Equity method investments including joint ventures Loans payable Debt payable Guarantees 14 Firm commitments that do not qualify as derivatives but involve only financial instruments (e.g., a forward purchase contract for a loan that is not readily convertible to cash. That commitment involves only financial instruments—a loan and cash—and would not otherwise be recognized because it is not a derivative instrument.) Written loan commitments that do not qualify as derivatives The rights and obligations under an insurance contract or a warranty to provide goods or services rather than a cash settlement but whose terms permit the insurer or warrantor to settle by paying a third party to provide those goods or services A host financial instrument resulting from the separation of an embedded non-financial derivative instrument from a non-financial hybrid instrument. An example of such a non-financial hybrid instrument is an instrument in which the value of the bifurcated embedded derivative is payable in cash, services, or merchandise but the debt host is payable only