from a difference occurring between a depository institution and a Reserve Bank. Treasury check truncation adjustment items and other government related adjustment items where the adjustment arises from a difference between a Reserve Bank and Treasury or another government agency, which do not affect float should be held in Suspense Account—General pending resolution. Transactions involving items in process of collection that have been dispatched by the Federal Reserve office for which the office is unable to determine the destination distinction between other Federal Reserve Banks and depository institutions should also be included in this account. Immaterial items below a certain threshold amount are entered to a difference account in Other assets or a current expense account (as described in paragraph 4.40 ), as are all other differences where it is probable that the difference will not be resolved or where it is decided that it is not feasible to conduct further research. 3.40 Bank Premises—Land (160-025) The balance in this account represents the original cost of land (less any charge-offs); incidental expenses in connection with the purchase; cost of wrecking old buildings (less salvage); and paving, grading, or landscaping. 3.45 Bank Premises—Buildings (Including Vaults) (160-050) Includes the total cost of buildings, improvements, and additions that are owned by the Reserve Bank. 3.55 Bank Premises—Construction Account (160-100) Includes any material construction or renovation. During construction, all costs of a new building, the purchase price of a building to be renovated, and all improvement and renovation costs are reported in this account. When the construction is completed, amounts to be capitalized should be transferred to the appropriate accounts under "Bank Premises." For detailed accounting procedures, see paragraph 30.30 . 3.60 Bank Premises and Furniture and Equipment—Depreciation (160-125) Depreciation is recorded monthly on each building. A more detailed description of capitalization and depreciation of Bank premise assets together with reporting requirements is contained in paragraph 30.40 and 30.70 – 30.78 . Depreciation is recorded monthly on furniture and equipment in accordance with the provisions contained in paragraph 30.47 . 3.65 Furniture and Equipment (170-025) This account contains furniture, furnishings, fixtures, office equipment, automotive equipment, operating equipment such as computers and shredding machines required for specific operations, and machinery and equipment associated with building structures that are considered part of the building and will convey with the building when it is sold. Examples include air conditioning units, boilers, elevators, and heating or lighting equipment. Refer to paragraph 30.46 , for a listing of capitalizable furniture and equipment examples. 3.70 Claims Account Closed Banks (170-075) Direct costs incurred in connection with the collection of paper of failed banks or other obligations, such as court costs of filing suits, collection fees paid attorneys, cost of recording mortgages, premiums paid on fire, and other insurance policies covering property held under mortgage, etc., should be charged to this account. The amount of any overdraft not offset should be included. 3.85 Foreign Currencies (170-100 and 170-110) Account 170-100 represents each Bank's participated share in investments denominated in foreign currencies and includes premiums, discounts, and accrued interest. The investments and the related accrued interest are reflected as "Foreign currency denominated investments, net" and "Accrued interest receivable" in the financial statements, respectively. The cost basis of foreign government debt instruments are adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. For further discussion, see paragraph 40.30 . Account 170-110 is a unit account included for presentation purposes and is not presented on the FR 34. It is the sum of the foreign currency accounts across all of the Reserve Banks and is used by the FR5 system for calculating collateral for Federal Reserve notes. 3.90 Reimbursable Expenses and Other Items Receivable (170-125) This account includes expenses that are reimbursable to the Bank and miscellaneous amounts that the Bank has advanced or paid on behalf of others. Individual ledger accounts are maintained as necessary to facilitate control. Each is based on actual or estimated amounts that will be reimbursed in the future. For the most part, the accounts will represent claims for fiscal agency work performed for Treasury (e.g., public debt operations) and for government departments and agencies. Other accounts consist of receivables due from employees such as loans or dining room charges and amounts due from others such as security deposits with airlines for the use of credit cards, losses incurred in the handling or transportation of currency that are expected to be recovered, amounts due from Treasury for mutilated currency, or tenant rent receivables. Accounts may also be maintained for miscellaneous services rendered others and purchases of goods and services for other Reserve Banks. Under ordinary circumstances, the amounts that are included in claims for expenses reimbursable or recoverable will represent a calculated part of items such as salaries, retirement contributions, furniture and equipment rentals, etc., that are paid initially by the Bank and included in gross expenses. In some cases, however, expenditures by the Bank are earmarked at the outset for reimbursement or recovery. Such expenditures are not included in the Bank's expenses and are debited directly to one of the receivable ledger accounts herein pending receipt of payment. This account should not be used for disbursements related to items defined as recoveries in paragraph 12.30 . An account covering estimated fiscal agency reimbursable expenses is carried for the purpose of reflecting a more accurate current expense figure. The reimbursable expenses for the month are estimated at the end of the month and debited to this account and credited to the current expenses account. The following month, the estimated receivable is credited and the actual reimbursables are backdated and debited to this account in the applicable month. When funds are received from Treasury, generally quarterly, the balance is closed out. 3.93 Allowance for Doubtful Reimbursement (170-130) This account is a contra-asset account to the Reimbursable Expenses and Other Items Receivable Account (170-125). At the time entries are made to the reimbursable account, an estimate is made of the amount of the reimbursable that will not be reimbursed. The original