same order as under Section 7 as amended, and the payment of cumulative dividends therefore took precedence over the accumulation of a surplus fund. Furthermore the payment of dividends out of surplus fund would not have reduced the revenues of the United States. So the same arguments, except that which is based on the unlimited size of the surplus fund, could have been advanced in support of the right of a Federal reserve bank, under the terms of the original Section 7, to pay dividends out of surplus. In my judgment Congress in amending Section 7 so as to require the accumulation of a surplus fund of unlimited size must be considered to have recognized that under both the original section and the section as amended the surplus fund could be used for the payment of the cumulative dividends. Otherwise, it is only reasonable to assume that Congress would have required or permitted some part of the earnings, which must now go into the unlimited surplus, to be paid into a fund of "undivided profits" out of which the dividends could be paid currently in a year of small earnings. This leads to the observation that under the terms of Section 7 a Federal reserve bank is not permitted to accumulate a fund of "undivided profits". It is the usual custom of commercial banks to show among their liabilities an item of "undivided profits", in addition to their liabilities on account of capital and surplus. From this fund of "undivided profits", dividends are customarily paid and from it also transfers are made from time to time to increase the surplus fund. No banks, so far as I am aware, are prohibited from paying dividends out of this fund of "undivided profits" even though such dividends are in excess of the earnings for the current year. Consequently, by accumulating a fund of "undivided profits" from year to year a bank may make provision for the continuance, during years when earnings are small, of dividend payments without reducing its surplus fund. A Federal reserve bank cannot make provision for the continuance of dividends in this particular manner, because the law absolutely requires Federal reserve banks to dispose of earnings, over and above the amount paid as dividends, either by payment into the surplus fund or by payment of the franchise tax to the United States. The continuity of dividends is fully as desirable in the case of Federal reserve banks as it is in the case of commercial banks, and Congress, having precluded the Federal reserve banks from making provision for such continuity by setting up "undivided profits", may reasonably be assumed, in my opinion, to have contemplated that the surplus funds, which are required to be accumulated without limit as to size, would be available for the purpose of paying dividends as well as for the purpose of protecting the banks again possible future losses. From the statement heretofore made that the dividends of commercial banks are customarily paid out of undivided profits, it is not to be inferred that the payment of dividends out of the surplus of commercial banks is prohibited. As I shall now attempt to show, the general rule is that banks may pay dividends out of surplus unless the terms of their charters, or the statutes to which they are subject, prohibit them from so doing. In deciding the specific question now under consideration no great weight can be attached to the general rules of law as to the powers of corporations generally, or banks in particular, with respect to the payment of dividends; for Federal reserve banks are sui generis, and they are governed by the mandatory provisions of Section 7 of the Federal Reserve Act which take away from the directors all discretionary power as to the disposition of any part of current earnings. Nevertheless, I am of the opinion that a consideration of these general rules of law will serve in some slight measure to confirm the conclusion that a Federal reserve bank may use its surplus fund for the payment of dividends for a year in which its current earnings are insufficient for that purpose. It is a fundamental principle of the law of corporations, that unless otherwise provided by statute, charter or other limitation, the question of whether a corporation which has surplus profits on hand shall declare a dividend, and what part of such profits shall be distributed by means of such dividend, is a question for the determination of the directors in the exercise of their discretion, and the courts will not interfere with action taken by the directors in the exercise of such discretion unless they act fraudulently or in bad faith. Gibbons v. Mahon, 136 U.S., 549 ; N.Y. Ry. Co. v. Nickals, 119 U.S., 296 . See also 14 Corpus Juris, p. 808-810 and cases there cited. It is also held generally that dividends may lawfully be declared out of any surplus of corporate assets over corporate debts and capital stock, that is to say, anything remaining after provision for the corporation's capital stock and liabilities is properly available for distribution to stockholders, although as seen above its actual disposition rests with the directors: Bowers v. Post , 209 Fed. 660, Hyams v. Old Dominion Copper Co. 82 N.J. Eq. 507 Equitable Life Assurance Co. v. Union Pacific Ry Co., 212 N.Y. 360; 14 Corpus Juris, 803 , and cases there cited. Furthermore, it is immaterial what may be the amount of such surplus of corporate assets; whatever the surplus may amount to, it is available for dividend purposes. Hyams v. Old Dominion Copper Co. supra. It has been held specifically that dividends may be paid from surplus accumulated out of the profits of previous years, although there have been no actual profits for the year in which the dividends are paid. Beers v. Bridgeport Spring Co. , 42 Conn. 17 Murray v. Beattie Mfg Co. 7, N.J. Eq. 322, 648 Williams v. Western Union Co.