of the impairment since the lender has recourse to additional assets of the borrower. Return to text 3. The percentage of loans (%) expected to default, multiplied by the loss per loan (%) applied to the dollar value ($) of the total loans outstanding. Return to text 4. Default occurs when the debtor cannot pay all or some of the amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, including contractual principal and contractual interest amounts. Return to text 5. Exposure at default includes total investment including principal, interest, and unamortized fees. Return to text 6. "Generally sound" referred to depository institutions assigned a composite CAMELS or CAMEL ratings of 1, 2, or 3 that are at least adequately capitalized. At the discretion of the Reserve Bank, however, depository institutions that otherwise meet these criteria may be deemed ineligible for primary credit because of supplementary information regarding their financial condition. Return to text 7. Depository institutions assigned a composite CAMELS or CAMELS rating of 4 or 5 or depository institutions that are less than adequately capitalized are not eligible for primary credit. At the discretion of the Reserve Bank, other depository institutions may also be deemed ineligible for primary credit because of supplementary information regarding their financial condition. Return to text 8. Seasonal credit may be extended to depository institutions that are assigned a CAMELS or CAMEL rating of 1, 2, 3, or 4 and are at least adequately capitalized. At the discretion of the Reserve Bank, however, depository institutions that otherwise meet these criteria may be deemed ineligible for seasonal credit because of supplementary information regarding their financial condition. Return to text 9. To calculate the collateral (lendable) value, a margin is applied to either the market price of the securities or the theoretical price of assets that do not receive market values. Market prices are used as the basis for collateral valuation whenever active markets exist. Market prices are obtained from a vendor that prices CDOs and another vendor that prices all other types of securities and updates the prices frequently. If the Reserve Bank is unable to obtain a market price for pledged assets (e.g., consumer loans) from its vendor(s), a theoretical price is calculated for asset categories based on various characteristics of the asset type, including credit quality, interest rate, maturity, liquidity, and the current interest rate environment. A margin is then applied to the theoretical price. Return to text 10. Legal entities are legal entities created to fulfill narrow, specific, or temporary objectives. An SPE typically limits the recourse of its creditors to the net assets of the SPE and as a result, the creditors do not have recourse to the general credit or assets of the SPE's beneficiaries. Return to text 11. A business is defined as a self-sustaining integrated set of activities and assets conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors. A business consists of (a) inputs, (b) processes applied to those inputs, and (c) resulting outputs that are used to generate revenues. For a set of activities and assets to be a business, it must contain all of the inputs and processes necessary for it to conduct normal operations, which include the ability to sustain a revenue stream by providing its outputs to customers. All entities, except those defined in paragraph 4(a)-(h) of FASB ASC Topic 810-10 must be evaluated. Exceptions include not-for-profit organizations, employee benefit plans, health insurance entities, and governmental organizations; other GAAP literature should be used to determine if consolidation is required for these entities. Return to text 12. Although use of the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 946-10 was not adopted by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), it presents helpful additional guidance that is not included in the Audit Guide. Return to text 13. Account for derivatives in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815-20. Return to text 14. As defined for accounting purposes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 460-10. This may differ from the legal definition of a guarantee. See paragraph 84.01 for further discussion on Guarantees. Return to text 15. For constructive obligations, see paragraph 84.04 Determining when to recognize a guarantee. Return to text 16. An underlying is defined in FASB ASC Topic 815-20 as a specified interest rate, security price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of prices, or other variable. The occurrence or nonoccurrence of a specified event is a variable that is considered an underlying under that definition. Return to text 17. See paragraph 82.01 Consolidation for additional discussion of SPE. Return to text 18. The subsequent measurement of a guarantee liability under FASB ASC Topic 460-10 discussed here does not encompass (and therefore, is separate from) the recognition and subsequent adjustment of the contingent liability under FASB ASC Topic 450-20 relating to the contingent loss for the guarantee. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 in general requires the recognition of a guarantee liability in an earlier stage when it is not probable that the triggering events will occur (and therefore, a FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingent liability will not be recognized). When it becomes probable that a liability will be incurred, a FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingent liability needs to be assessed and the greater of (a) FASB ASC Topic 460-10 guarantee liability at fair value or (b) FASB ASC Topic 450-20 contingent liability should be recorded. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 13, 2025