Home About the Fed Ethics and Values Ethics and Values Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. FAQs The following FAQs provide clarification and guidance on the Investment and Trading Policies for Covered Individuals ("the Policy for Covered Individuals"), which is section (V) of the FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff . Section (V) revises and renames the Investment and Trading Policy for FOMC Officials and sets forth the rules that govern investment and trading activities, as well as disclosure, for covered individuals. Please contact Board or Reserve Bank ethics staff with questions about the Policy for Covered Individuals or these FAQs. Implementation of the Policy for Covered Individuals When is the effective date of the revised policy? Why was the prior policy ("Investment and Trading Policy for FOMC Officials") revised? What are the key changes to the Policy for Covered Individuals? When will new covered individuals be designated? How long will they have to divest assets that are prohibited under the policy? If I will be designated as a new covered individual on June 30, 2024, can I make trades before June 30, 2024? On the date an employee becomes a covered individual, are all of their investments as of that date deemed to have been held for a year? When will Board Ethics begin collecting brokerage statements? Divestitures How does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to a new covered individual's existing assets? How long do I have to divest impermissible assets under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Do the divestiture periods under the Policy for Covered Individuals affect divestiture requirements and time periods under other applicable ethics policies? How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat inheritances? When is an asset considered "acquired" in the context of inheritance or other situations where a covered individual does not have specific intent to acquire an asset? Interaction with other ethics requirements How does the Policy for Covered Individuals interact with other ethics requirements? Spouses and children How does the Policy for Covered Individuals define "minor child"? How does the Policy for Covered Individuals define "spouse"? What happens if I anticipate changes in my marital status? If a covered individual marries, what divestiture period applies? Agency securities, real estate investment trusts ("REITs"), and real estate What are "agency securities"? What types of REITs are prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are broad real estate mutual funds permissible investments under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are real estate investments, such as rental properties, permissible investments under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Commodity Does the definition of "commodity" include commodity derivatives? Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit ownership of a small amount of gold or silver held in an investment portfolio? Control How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat situations where a covered individual or their spouse is named as an executor for an estate? How does the Policy for Covered Individuals treat situations where a covered individual or their spouse has a financial power of attorney? Covered trust Does the definition of "covered trust" include revocable trusts? Does "covered trust" include trusts in which a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) is only a beneficiary and has no control over the trust investment decisions? Would it be feasible for covered individuals to place their investments in qualified blind trusts or qualified diversified trusts ("qualified trusts") to comply with the Policy for Covered Individuals? Cryptocurrency Does the definition of "cryptocurrency" include stock in businesses engaged in crypto activities or stock in crypto exchanges? How are crypto investment funds treated under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Debt security Is a foreign government bond a "debt security" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are hybrid securities, such as convertible bonds, included in the definition of "debt security"? Defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans, and individual retirement accounts What are examples of a defined contribution retirement plan established by the federal government? Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution and defined benefit plans sponsored by a covered individual’s prior employers, such as private companies, state and local governments, and non-profit entities? Does the Policy for Covered Individuals apply to defined contribution or defined benefit plans sponsored by employers in foreign countries? Do the investment and trading rules apply to individual retirement accounts ("IRAs")? Are loans from tax-exempt retirement accounts subject to the trading restrictions in section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals? My non-federal government defined contribution plan allows me to purchase assets that are impermissible under section 1 of the Policy for Covered Individuals. The plan also does not require one-year holding periods as required in section 2 of the policy. Am I required to follow the policy’s requirements for assets and transactions in that defined contribution plan? Derivative transactions Are diversified mutual funds and ETFs that hold some underlying derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Are mutual funds and ETFs that have a stated policy of concentrating in derivatives prohibited under the Policy for Covered Individuals? How are commodity derivatives treated under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Financial market stress blackout period How will I be notified about the start or end of a financial market stress blackout period? May I submit an advance notice of a new trade after a financial market stress period is declared? Must I still execute a trade that received pre-clearance before the announcement of a financial market stress period, even if the proposed trade window inadvertently falls during the stress period? Foreign currencies Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit holding shares of an international equity or bond fund or other diversified equity or bond funds with investments denominated in foreign currencies? Is it permissible for me or my spouse to own a bank account in a foreign country or to own foreign currency? Holding period How will the one-year holding period be calculated? Margin securities