automated investment account ("robo-account") that only purchases diversified funds permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A60: Yes. A trade executed by a robo-account is a "qualifying automatic trade," provided that the robo-account automatically purchases (via a pre-set algorithm) permissible assets under the policy. Q61: Does the definition of "qualifying automatic trade" include contributions to defined contribution plans sponsored by a private company or a state or local government? Updated: 2/5/2024 A61: Yes. A pre-scheduled, periodic, contribution to a private company or state or local government defined contribution plan (such as an automated salary deferral) is a qualifying automatic trade, provided that any purchases made with the contributions involve permissible assets under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Q62: Is an automatic dividend reinvestment plan for a diversified mutual fund or diversified ETF a permissible qualifying automatic trade program? Updated: 4/15/2022 A62: Yes. Mutual funds and ETFs generally distribute dividends on a quarterly basis, although some may issue dividends more infrequently (such as annually). Covered individuals may choose to automatically reinvest dividends issued by a diversified mutual fund or diversified ETF, and these will be considered permissible qualifying automatic trade programs. Q63: Are limit orders considered to be qualifying automatic trades? Are they permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A63: No. A limit order is an order to buy or sell a security at a specific price or better and if the price is not met, the trade is not executed. This type of transaction does not comply with the requirement that a trade be non-retractable and executed during an identified trade window as required under sections 2(c)(1)(i) and (c)(2)(iii) of the policy. Thus, limit orders and other transactions that will only occur based on the satisfaction of a contingency do not comply with the policy. XIX. Sector fund Q64: What is an example of a "sector fund"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A64: The FOMC Policy on Investment and Trading for Committee Participants and Federal Reserve System Staff defines sector fund as "a fund that has a stated policy of concentrating its investments in an industry, business, single country other than the United States, or bonds of a single State within the United States." Individuals may rely on the fund’s prospectus in determining whether a fund has a stated policy of concentrating investments in a particular industry, business, foreign country, or bonds of a single U.S. state. For purposes of the Policy for Covered Individuals, Ethics staff generally plan to follow guidance from the Office of Government Ethics on the definition of a sector fund. Examples: Fidelity Energy Select Portfolio, iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF, and BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund are sector funds with stated policies of concentrating their investments in energy, healthcare, and Pennsylvania bonds, respectively. Section 2(a) of the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibits covered individuals from purchasing shares of these funds. Similarly, Matthews China Fund, Eaton Vance Greater India Fund, and iShares MSCI Ireland ETF are examples of sector funds concentrating their investments in a single foreign country; covered individuals also cannot purchase shares of these funds under section 2(a). Q65: Is a fund that focuses on two related sectors a sector fund? Updated: 4/15/2022 A65: Yes. Consistent with Office of Government Ethics policy, "dual industry" funds that are expressly marketed as being concentrated in two related industry or business sectors, such as "defense and aerospace," "telecommunications and utilities," or "media and telecommunications," are non-diversified sector funds. Covered individuals are encouraged to consult with ethics officials regarding dual industry funds. XX. Security Q66: Are shares in mutual funds and ETFs "securities" under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A66: Yes. Mutual funds and ETFs, however, are not considered "individual equity securities" under section 2(a) of the policy. Accordingly, covered individuals may purchase shares of mutual funds or ETFs unless the funds are sector funds or otherwise prohibited under the policy (e.g., funds concentrating in Treasuries). Q67: Does the definition of "security" cover shares in small businesses, such as a family farm? Updated: 2/5/2024 A67: The definition of "security" includes shares in small businesses, such as a family farm. Section 2(h)(1)(ii) of the Policy for Covered Individuals, however, exempts equity securities issued by small businesses, including small family farms, from the prohibition on purchases of individual equity securities in section 2(a) of the policy. Purchases and sales of securities in small businesses are subject to the other trading requirements in section 2 of the policy, such as the one-year holding period and advance notice and pre-clearance process. Q68: Does the definition of "security" include securities of both privately held and publicly traded entities? Updated: 4/15/2022 A68: Yes. Q69: Does the prohibition on purchases of individual equity securities in section 2(a) apply to private and publicly traded securities? Updated: 2/5/2024 A69: Yes. Q70: Which individual securities holdings may covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) retain under the Policy for Covered Individuals? Updated: 2/5/2024 A70: Section 2(a) of the policy states that a covered individual, a covered individual’s spouse, and a covered individual’s minor children must not purchase individual equity securities or interests in a sector fund. Covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) may retain ownership in any non-prohibited individual equity securities or sector funds that are owned or controlled when they become subject to the policy, but they are prohibited under section 2(a) of the policy from purchasing any additional individual equity securities or shares of sector funds on and after that date. Covered individuals (and their spouses and minor children) must divest any holdings in individual debt securities or other impermissible securities as described in section 1 of the policy. XXI. Spousal equity and options Q71: Do the exemptions in section 1 and section 2 of the Policy for Covered Individuals cover (i) stock options from a spouse’s current or prior employer, or (ii) stock options that the spouse may only exercise after their employment ends? Updated: 2/5/2024 A71: Yes. Equity securities and equity options of a covered individual’s spouse that