be determined and adjudged by a court of the United States of competent jurisdiction, in a suit brought for that purpose in the district or territory in which the home office of such corporation is located, which suit shall be brought by the United States at the insistence of the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve System or the Attorney General. Upon adjudication of such noncompliance or violation, each director and officer who participated in, or assented to, the illegal act or acts, shall be liable in his personal or individual capacity for all damages which the said corporation shall have sustained in consequence thereof. No dissolution shall take away or impair any remedy against the corporation, its stockholders, or officers for any liability or penalty previously incurred. [12 USC 622. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382).] 15. Voluntary liquidation Any such corporation may go into voluntary liquidation and be closed by a vote of its shareholders owning two-thirds of its stock. [12 USC 623. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382.)] 16. Appointment of receiver or conservator In General. The Board may appoint a conservator or receiver for a corporation organized under the provisions of this section to the same extent and in the same manner as the Comptroller of the Currency may appoint a conservator or receiver for a national bank, and the conservator or receiver for such corporation shall exercise the same powers, functions, and duties, subject to the same limitations, as a conservator or receiver for a national bank. Equivalent Authority. The Board shall have the same authority with respect to any conservator or receiver appointed for a corporation organized under the provisions of this section under this paragraph and any such corporation as the Comptroller of the Currency has with respect to a conservator or receiver of a national bank and the national bank for which a conservator or receiver has been appointed. Title 11 Petitions. The Board may direct the conservator or receiver of a corporation organized under the provisions of this section to file a petition pursuant to title 11, United States Code, in which case, title 11, United States Code, shall apply to the corporation in lieu of otherwise applicable Federal or State insolvency law. [12 USC 624. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382); and amended by act of Dec. 12, 2000 (114 Stat. 2763A-396).] 17. Stockholders' meetings; records; reports; examinations Every corporation organized under the provisions of this section shall hold a meeting of its stockholders annually upon a date fixed in its bylaws, such meeting to be held at its home office in the United States. Every such corporation shall keep at its home office books containing the names of all stockholders thereof, and the names and addresses of the members of its board of directors, together with copies of all reports made by it to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Every such corporation shall make reports to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at such times and in such form as it may require; and shall be subject to examination once a year and at such other times as may be deemed necessary by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System by examiners appointed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the cost of such examinations, including the compensation of the examiners, to be fixed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and to be paid by the corporation examined. [12 USC 625. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 382).] 18. Dividends and surplus fund The directors of any corporation organized under the provisions of this section may, semiannually, declare a dividend of so much of the net profits of the corporation as they shall judge expedient; but each corporation shall, before the declaration of a dividend, carry one-tenth of its net profits of the preceding half year to its surplus fund until the same shall amount to 20 per centum of its capital stock. [12 USC 626. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 383).] 19. Taxation Any corporation organized under the provisions of this section shall be subject to tax by the State within which its home office is located in the same manner and to the same extent as other corporations organized under the laws of that State which are transacting a similar character of business. The shares of stock in such corporation shall also be subject to tax as the personal property of the owners or holders thereof in the same manner and to the same extent as the shares of stock in similar State corporations. [12 USC 627. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 383).] 20. Extension of corporate existence Any corporation organized under the provisions of this section may at any time within the two years next previous to the date of the expiration of its corporate existence, by a vote of the shareholders owning two-thirds of its stock, apply to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for its approval to extend the period of its corporate existence for a term of not more than twenty years, and upon certified approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System such corporation shall have its corporate existence for such extended period unless sooner dissolved by the act of the shareholders owning two-thirds of its stock, or by an Act of Congress or unless its franchise becomes forfeited by some violation of law. [12 USC 628. As added by act of Dec. 24, 1919 (41 Stat. 383).] 21. Conversion of State corporation into Federal corporation Any bank or banking institution, principally engaged in foreign business, incorporated by special law of any State or of the United States or organized under the general laws of any State or of the