on the analysis performed using section 9 . In addition, if there is a replacement of an element of existing software and the expenditures meet the criteria in sections 1, 2, and 5, then the former element, if previously treated as a separate asset, is removed from the books and expensed. The new element would be capitalized in accordance with section 5 . When the former software asset is replaced by new software whose costs do not meet the capitalization threshold and are expensed, the net book value of the former asset is removed from the books and also expensed. 7. Capitalizable costs Costs incurred during software development or implementation of a cloud computing arrangement are capitalized or expensed depending on the project stage. These stages are commonly described as preliminary, development, and post-implementation. The preliminary stage includes activities related to the conceptual formulation of alternatives the evaluation of alternatives the determination of existence of needed technology the final selection of alternatives the selection of vendors and consultants and the prototype or proof of concept. Capitalized: None Expensed: All costs associated with preliminary stage activities. The development stage includes all the activities related to designing the chosen path including configuration and software interfaces, coding, testing (to include all testing prior to user acceptance testing), installation of software on hardware, preparation of code to convert old data, and development of user guides. Capitalized: external costs of materials and services (for example, consulting fees), salary and retirement and other benefit costs of employees directly associated with the project as outlined in section 8 preparation of developer guides costs associated with time spent specifically to oversee developers (programmers), if determinable expenditures for integration materials and services, which include consultant fees and salary and retirement and other benefit costs of employees directly associated with the integration effort. Integration efforts include customizing the infrastructure/operating system software so that the developed application will operate on the infrastructure hardware and within existing network environments. (In some cases integration costs may involve the components, installation, and related interconnectivity of hardware, which may require the allocation of integration costs between hardware and software.) travel costs for staff, consultants, or vendors should be capitalized if directly related to the software development and, when required, in conformance with applicable Bank travel policies or contract requirements for consultants and vendors implementation costs associated with activities to integrate, configure and/or customize a hosted cloud computing arrangement service cost of testing necessary to accept the developed application or validate that the application satisfies the business requirements. (example: functional testing or non-functional testing such as business continuity, capacity, availability, and security) Expensed: general and administrative costs parallel testing and parallel processing 8 end-user testing end-user training actual purging, cleansing, and conversion of historical data FISMA certification cost of testing performed in conjunction with fixes, or periodically performed to ensure the continued integrity and maintenance of the application. (Examples are penetration testing and contingency testing.) The post-implementation stage includes activities such as maintenance to fix problems and training of internal and external users. Capitalized: Software maintenance contracts that are executed when the software is installed should be capitalized and treated as prepaid expenses or deferred charges in instances when the contract terms indicate a longer maintenance period and costs exceed the FAM thresholds for prepaids and deferred charges. Likewise, software maintenance contracts executed for bulk purchases that exceed FAM thresholds should be capitalized and amortized over the current and prospective periods that benefit from the expenditure. Expensed: All the costs associated with post-implementation stage activities except maintenance costs as described above. This includes integration costs to reinstall existing software on new hardware. Purchased software may include costs for multiple services such as training and maintenance in addition to the software license. Because maintenance costs may be capitalized if costs exceed the FAM thresholds for prepaids and deferreds and training costs are expensed, the costs should be allocated among these services based on the value of the services. Vendors may have information that can be provided to assist in determining the costs of these services. The basis for allocation should be defensible. Because development of internal-use software may not follow the order as stated above (for example, coding and testing are often performed iteratively, or an Agile methodology is used) the accounting treatment should be based on the nature of the costs incurred, not the timing of their occurrence. 8. Software development labor rates Internally developed software costs that meet the FAM threshold should be capitalized using actual salaries and/or outside agency help (OAH) rate(s). 9 If actual costs are not readily determinable, a Reserve Bank may use either a blended or two-rate approach. Reserve Banks may use different rates based on varying skillsets, salary differentials, or project structures within a cost pool to help reduce the risk of distorting assets. The rate (blended or two-rate) that a Reserve Bank chooses to use should be consistently applied for all District assets. Rates should be calculated based on budgeted annual employee salaries (including all types of variable compensation) and budgeted benefit costs, and/or the budgeted annual OAH costs divided by the total applicable annual work hours (AWH). The rates should be adjusted to account for employee turnover, organizational changes, or changes in retirement and other benefits (ROB) rates that have occurred since final budget submission. Two-rate approach: Accessible Version | Return to text Blended-rate approach: Accessible Version | Return to text 9. Assigning a useful life to the software asset The estimated useful life over which the costs will be amortized should reflect the circumstances for that specific asset. The circumstances to consider include the type of software (for example, operating software, application software) and the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition, immediate- and long-term plans, and other economic factors should be considered. For example, rapid changes in the availability of alternative software solutions or hardware technology (on which the software will operate) would contribute to a shorter expected useful life. Consultation with the outside party (when appropriate), the