the nature of the items to be discussed. Items considered in closed session include primarily Bank and bank holding company supervisory matters, discussions of which generally disclose information from bank examination reports or commercial and financial information obtained in confidence by the Board Monetary policy and other matters whose premature release could be used in financial speculation Personnel matters. Items in these categories fall into one of two types: "recorded" (that is, tape recorded) and "expedited." A meeting to consider only recorded items generally requires an advance public notice of one week; a meeting to consider only expedited items requires a notice at the earliest practicable time, usually two business days before the meeting. A meeting to consider a combination of recorded and expedited items requires both types of notices. Recorded Items Recorded items are those whose discussion is closed to the public under exemptions 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 9(B) of the Sunshine Act (see the list of exemptions below). Items closed solely under exemption 4 are recorded, but in all other respects they are treated as expedited items. Advance notice of recorded items. The Federal Register carries the Board's notices of meetings to consider recorded items. Copies of the notices are generally also available a week before the meeting from the Board's Freedom of Information and Public Affairs offices, the Treasury Department Press Room, and the Board's web site. The notices give the subject matter of the recorded items, the time and place of the meeting, and the name and telephone number of the official designated to handle inquiries about the meeting. An additional notice in the Board's Freedom of Information Office cites the applicable exemptions and reasons for closing an item; gives the names of those expected to attend the discussion of that item; and lists the vote of each Board member regarding the decision to close the discussion. Subsequent notices also indicate, as necessary, any change in the time of a meeting, any deletion or addition of an item, and any change in the open/closed status of an item. Availability of recordings. After a meeting that includes recorded items, the Board's Freedom of Information Office makes available a full audio cassette recording of the discussion except the portions, if any, that the Board has determined are exempted from release. Audio material initially withheld may be released at a later date when its exempted status no longer applies. The audio recordings, which give the names of speakers as they speak, are available for use in the Board's Freedom of Information Office and may be purchased at $6 per copy. Other information available after a meeting. Besides the recording, other information is available in the Board's Freedom of Information Office after a meeting that includes recorded items: The certificate of the General Counsel stating that closing the meeting was permissible and citing the applicable exemptions The statement of the meeting's presiding officer giving the time and place the meeting was held and the persons present If applicable, a statement of the vote by Board members to withhold information from the copy of the recording or transcript released to the public and the exemptions cited. Other Procedures for Handling Official Business Besides meetings, the Board uses two other procedures for handling official business: notation voting and delegation of authority. Notation Voting The Board conducts some routine business by notation vote, in which material circulates among the Board members for written vote and comment. Upon request by a Board member, however, any such item may be placed on the Board's Regular Agenda for discussion, at which time it becomes subject to the Sunshine Act. Delegation of Authority The Board may delegate its authority to act on specific items to individual members of the Board, to its staff, or to a Reserve Bank's staff. A copy of the Board's Rules Regarding Delegation of Authority is available from the Board's Publications Office at (202) 452-3244. Sunshine Exemptions Here is a summary of the ten conditions under which a meeting is exempt from the open-meeting requirements of the Government in the Sunshine Act. Under the act, meetings may be closed to the public if they are likely to Disclose matters authorized under Executive Order to be kept secret in the interests of national defense or foreign policy Relate solely to internal personnel rules and practices of an agency Disclose matters specifically exempted from disclosure by statute Disclose trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person that are privileged or confidential Involve accusing any person of a crime or censuring any person Involve personal information whose disclosure would constitute an invasion of personal privacy Disclose certain investigatory records compiled for law enforcement purposes Disclose information contained in, or related to, examination, operating, or condition reports prepared for or used by an agency responsible for regulation or supervision of financial institutions Involve information the premature disclosure of which would be likely to lead to significant financial speculation in currencies, securities, or commodities or significantly endanger the stability of any financial institution or be likely to significantly frustrate implementation of a proposed agency action Specifically concern the agency's issuance of a subpoena or participation in a civil action or proceeding. For additional information about these exemptions, please consult the Government in the Sunshine Act (5 U.S.C. section 552b) and the Board's Rules Regarding Public Observation of Meetings, 12 C.F.R. part 261b. Back to Top Last Update: December 04, 2023