beginning of a financial market stress period to still be executed during the trade window that falls during the stress period. XIV. Foreign currencies Q45: Does the Policy for Covered Individuals prohibit holding shares of an international equity or bond fund or other diversified equity or bond funds with investments denominated in foreign currencies? Updated: 2/5/2024 A45: No. Q46: Is it permissible for me or my spouse to own a bank account in a foreign country or to own foreign currency? Updated: 6/72024 A46: Yes, in some cases. Covered individuals and their spouses may own or control foreign checking accounts and own foreign currency for noninvestment purposes. There is no fixed, quantitative limit on the amount of foreign currency that a covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may hold, but foreign currency must be held only for noninvestment purposes. Therefore, covered individuals generally should not hold foreign currency in interest-bearing savings accounts or certificates of deposit or their foreign equivalents. Examples : Permitted noninvestment holdings of foreign currency include: Owning foreign currency in a checking account to pay mortgage, rent, or taxes on a personal residence in a foreign country. Owning foreign currency to facilitate travel in a foreign country. XV. Holding period Q47: How will the one-year holding period be calculated? Updated: 2/5/2024 A47: The holding period in section 2(b) is calculated based on the date that the covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) purchased the asset. If shares in an asset are purchased periodically over time, all of the shares to be sold must have been held for at least one year. Example : A covered individual purchased $200 worth of shares (which equaled 40 shares) in diversified mutual fund Z ("Fund Z") on October 24, 2024, and then purchased an additional $300 worth of shares (which equaled 50 shares) in Fund Z on May 4, 2025. The covered individual later wants to sell all their shares in Fund Z in November 2025. In November 2025, the covered individual could sell the initial 40 shares of Fund Z—even if the shares have increased in value to be worth more than $200—as the one-year holding period for those shares expired on October 24, 2025. In November 2025, however, the covered individual could not yet sell the 50 shares purchased in May 2025. The covered individual must wait until May 4, 2026, to sell those remaining 50 shares. XVI. Margin securities Q48: Is it permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals to obtain a loan that is collateralized by securities? Updated: 2/5/2024 A48: A covered individual (or their spouse or minor child) may obtain a loan that is collateralized by securities, provided that the borrower does not use the loan proceeds for the purpose of purchasing or carrying securities—which would violate the prohibition on purchasing or carrying securities on margin in section 1(a)(4) of the policy—or any other impermissible asset under the policy. However, covered individuals should be mindful of the risk that the securities could be automatically sold by the lender under the loan agreement without prior direction from the borrower, which would violate the policy's requirement of advance notice and pre-clearance for securities transactions. XVII. Noninvestment purpose Q49: What does "noninvestment purpose" mean? What are some examples? Updated: 2/5/2024 A49: Section 1(c) of the Policy for Covered Individuals provides exemptions for holdings of commodities and foreign currencies that have a "noninvestment purpose." "Noninvestment purpose" refers to an expenditure for consumption or use without the expectation or purpose of achieving a profit on resale. Examples : Owning gold or silver jewelry. Owning foreign currency to pay personal expenses in a foreign country, such as a mortgage, rent, or taxes on a personal residence; tuition and education- related expenses of a child or other family member; or to travel abroad. Owning commonly purchased goods for personal consumption like groceries, gasoline, and construction materials. XVIII. Qualifying automatic trades Q50: What is a "qualifying automatic trade"? Updated: 2/5/2024 A50: A qualifying automatic trade is a trade that happens on a periodic, pre-determined basis in connection with a transaction that is permissible under the Policy for Covered Individuals. Examples of qualifying automatic trades are: Periodic automatic contributions to a 529 plan; 401(k) plan, 403(b) plan, or other defined contribution retirement plan; or mutual fund. Periodic automatic rebalancing within a 529 plan; 401(k) plan, 403(b) plan, or other defined contribution retirement plan; or mutual fund. An automatic dividend reinvestment plan for a diversified mutual fund. Q51: Does starting a new qualifying automatic trade program (i.e., a new series of qualifying automatic trades) require advance notice and pre-clearance? Updated: 10/17/2023 A51: Yes, with two exceptions. Although qualifying automatic trades are exempt from the advance notice and pre-clearance requirements, beginning a new qualifying automatic trade program requires advance notice and pre-clearance, except for (1) new qualifying automatic trade programs entered by covered individuals’ spouses or minor children in connection with their first becoming a participant in a benefit plan offered by their employer, provided that the covered individual confirms with their ethics officer that the planned investments are not prohibited by statute, regulation, or System policy; and (2) automatic dividend or capital gains reinvestment plans for diversified investment funds. Covered individuals should provide the relevant ethics officials with 45-days’ advance notice before beginning any other new qualifying automatic trade program. Once a new qualifying automatic trade program has been approved, the qualifying automatic trades made pursuant to the program’s specifications will be exempt from the advance notice and pre-clearance requirements. Example : A covered individual that is employed at the Board wishes to set up a new investment program through which the covered individual will purchase shares in diversified mutual funds. The covered individual plans to make monthly contributions of $1000 to the mutual funds. The covered individual must give the Board’s Designated Agency Ethics Official 45-days’ advance notice of the qualifying automatic trade program before their first contribution to the mutual funds under the program. In their advance notice, the covered