Regulation D implements this provision and specifies the interest rate payable on balances of eligible institutions maintained at Reserve Banks, or the interest on reserve balances (IORB) rate. The Board of Governors sets the IORB rate at a rate not to exceed the general level of short-term interest rates and has the discretion to change the IORB rate at any time. Interest on an eligible institution's balance is calculated daily at the specified rate. An aggregate interest payment for all days in a maintenance period is made one business day after the maintenance period ends. Accruals are recorded in this liability account each business day as interest is earned. Title II of the Financial Services Regulatory Relief Act of 2006 granted the Federal Reserve authority to pay interest to depository institutions for balances held at Reserve Banks effective in 2011. Section 128 of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 accelerated this authority to October 9, 2008. Accordingly, the Reserve Banks began paying explicit interest to depository institutions on balances held at Reserve Banks. 11.93 Term Deposit Facility (240-850) This account is used to record term deposits of depository institutions held with the Reserve Banks. These term deposits are used by the Reserve Banks as a monetary policy tool to manage the aggregate quantity of depository institutions' reserve balances. 11.94 Federal Agency MBS Related Liabilities (240-875) This account is used to record the fail liability for federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS purchases. A MBS fail liability results from a seller failing to provide a security to the FRBNY on the contractual settlement date. As a result, a liability is recorded for the obligation to fund the purchase. If the FRBNY fails to provide a security to a purchaser, a fail asset is recorded ( paragraph 3.08 ). This account is also used by the FRBNY to record the obligation to return cash collateral posted by counterparties pursuant to commitments to purchase MBS within the SOMA. (See paragraph 40.13 .) 11.95 Designated Financial Market Utilities Deposits (240-900) This account is used to record the deposits for Designated Financial Market Utilities that have been designated as systemically important in accordance with Title VIII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act). 11.96 Accrued Remittances to Treasury / Deferred Asset (240-925) This account is used to record the liability or deferred asset related to earnings remittances to Treasury. The Federal Reserve Act, as amended by the FAST Act effective December 4, 2015, requires that any amounts of the surplus funds of the Reserve Banks that exceed, or would exceed, the aggregate surplus limitation of $10 billion shall be transferred to the Board of Governors for transfer to the Treasury. Before the effective date of the FAST Act, the Board of Governors required the Reserve Banks to transfer excess earnings to the Treasury as interest on Federal Reserve notes after providing for the costs of operations, payment of dividends, and reservation of an amount necessary to equate surplus with capital paid-in. The Federal Reserve Act was subsequently further amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act (Budget Act), effective February 9, 2018, by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Consumer Protection Act), effective May 24, 2018, and by the National Defense Authorization Act for 2021, effective January 1, 2021, which reduced the aggregate surplus limitation to $7.5 billion, $6.825 billion, and $6.785 billion, respectively. Therefore, the Federal Reserve Act now requires that any amounts of the surplus funds of the Reserve Banks that exceed, or would exceed, the aggregate limitation of $6.785 billion shall be transferred to the Board of Governors for transfer to the Treasury. Each Reserve Bank remits excess earnings to the Treasury after providing for the cost of operations, payment of dividends, and reservation of an amount necessary to maintain surplus at the Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation. A credit balance in this account represents the accrued remittances to be distributed to the Treasury. If a Reserve Bank's earnings are not sufficient to provide for the costs of operations, payment of dividends, and maintaining surplus at an amount equal to the Bank's allocated portion of the aggregate surplus limitation, remittances to the Treasury would be suspended. A deferred asset is recorded in this account, and this debit balance represents the amount of net earnings the Reserve Bank will need to realize before remittances to the Treasury resume. Deferred asset balances recorded in this account are periodically reviewed for impairment. See paragraph 60.55 for further discussion. 11.98 Other Liabilities—Markets (240-950) The balance in this account represents infrequent low-value Markets related transactions conducted by the FRBNY and is not participated to other Reserve Banks. Dedicated accounts must be established prior to program start dates for transactions related to Markets programs that are expected to be high-value or recurring. This account may be used, however, to record transactions for newly established programs until a dedicated account is established, when the balances should be reclassified to the dedicated account. At the close of business each December 31, this account balance should include only the low-value and infrequent Markets related transactions. 11.99 Central Bank Liquidity Swap Accounts (242-100) When the FRBNY initiates a swap agreement with a foreign central bank for the purpose of obtaining foreign currency, the resulting liability is recorded in this account. For example, the FRBNY may enter into a foreign currency liquidity arrangement whereby the Bank would obtain a foreign currency from a foreign central bank; in this example the foreign currency obtained from the foreign central bank would be recorded as a liability in this account. (See paragraph 4.94 .) 12.00 Reverse Repurchase Agreements—Foreign Official and International Accounts (242-120) This account is used to record the contract amount of reverse repurchase agreements executed with foreign official and international account holders. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell Treasury, federal agency, and GSE securities and federal agency and GSE RMBS and CMBS under agreement with foreign official and