principal and interest; or a segregated, earmarked deposit account with the member bank; purchasing securities issued by any company of the kinds described in section 4(c)(1) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956; purchasing assets having a readily identifiable and publicly available market quotation and purchased at that market quotation or, subject to the prohibition contained in subsection (a)(3), purchasing loans on a nonrecourse basis from affiliated banks; and purchasing from an affiliate a loan or extension of credit that was originated by the member bank and sold to the affiliate subject to a repurchase agreement or with recourse. (e) Rules Relating To Banks With Financial Subsidiaries. Financial Subsidiary Defined. For purposes of this section and section 23B, the term "financial subsidiary" means any company that is a subsidiary of a bank that would be a financial subsidiary of a national bank under section 5136A of the Revised Statutes of the United States. Financial Subsidiary Treated As An Affiliate. For purposes of applying this section and section 23B, and notwithstanding subsection (b)(2) of this section or section 23B(d)(1), a financial subsidiary of a bank-- shall be deemed to be an affiliate of the bank; and shall not be deemed to be a subsidiary of the bank. Anti-Evasion Provision. For purposes of this section and section 23B-- any purchase of, or investment in, the securities of a financial subsidiary of a bank by an affiliate of the bank shall be considered to be a purchase of or investment in such securities by the bank; and any extension of credit by an affiliate of a bank to a financial subsidiary of the bank shall be considered to be an extension of credit by the bank to the financial subsidiary if the Board determines that such treatment is necessary or appropriate to prevent evasions of this Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. (f) Rulemaking And Additional Exemptions. The Board may issue such further regulations and orders, including definitions consistent with this section, as may be necessary to administer and carry out the purposes of this section and to prevent evasions thereof. In General. The Board may, at its discretion, by regulation exempt transactions or relationships from the requirements of this section if-- the Board finds the exemption to be in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this section, and notifies the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of such finding; and before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation receives notice of the finding under clause (i), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation does not object, in writing, to the finding, based on a determination that the exemption presents an unacceptable risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. Additional Exemptions. National Banks. The Comptroller of the Currency may, by order, exempt a transaction of a national bank from the requirements of this section if-- the Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency jointly find the exemption to be in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this section and notify the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation of such finding; and before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation receives notice of the finding under subclause (I), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation does not object, in writing, to the finding, based on a determination that the exemption presents an unacceptable risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. State Banks. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation may, by order, exempt a transaction of a State nonmember bank, and the Board may, by order, exempt a transaction of a State member bank, from the requirements of this section if-- the Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation jointly find that the exemption is in the public interest and consistent with the purposes of this section; and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation finds that the exemption does not present an unacceptable risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. Rulemaking Required Concerning Derivative Transactions And Intraday Credit. In General. Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Board shall adopt final rules under this section to address as covered transactions credit exposure arising out of derivative transactions between member banks and their affiliates and intraday extensions of credit by member banks to their affiliates. Effective Date. The effective date of any final rule adopted by the Board pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be delayed for such period as the Board deems necessary or appropriate to permit banks to conform their activities to the requirements of the final rule without undue hardship. Amounts Of Covered Transactions. The Board may issue such regulations or interpretations as the Board determines are necessary or appropriate with respect to the manner in which a netting agreement may be taken into account in determining the amount of a covered transaction between a member bank or a subsidiary and an affiliate, including the extent to which netting agreements between a member bank or a subsidiary and an affiliate may be taken into account in determining whether a covered transaction is fully secured for purposes of subsection(d)(4). An interpretation under this paragraph with respect to a specific member bank, subsidiary, or affiliate shall be issued jointly with the appropriate federal banking agency for such member bank, subsidiary, or affiliate. [12 USC 371c. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 183) and amended by acts of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 717); June 30, 1954 (68 Stat. 358); Sept. 8, 1959 (73 Stat. 457); July 1, 1966 (80 Stat. 241, 243); Oct. 15, 1982 (96 Stat. 1515); Jan. 12, 1983 (96 Stat. 2509); Nov. 12, 1999 (113 Stat. 1378, 1379, 1380); and July 21, 2010 (124 Stat. 1608, 1611). Section 410 of the Garn-St Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, which completely revised this section, provides in paragraph (c) (12 USC 371c note) the following: (c) Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended by