or held by Banks or Branches (210-050). The fact that a shipment may be taken in and pouches not opened until the following day should not affect the general ledger entries. In the event of error in the contents of the pouches or, in exigent circumstances, the return by the courier of a shipment to BEP or Ft. Worth, or rerouting to another Federal Reserve office, adjusting entries may be necessary. These situations, though, are unusual and the Assistant Federal Reserve Agent should keep the Reserve Bank fully informed. 50.43 Sales of Notes by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing Under a program initiated in 1981, the BEP purchases Federal Reserve notes from Reserve Banks for sale to the public. The currency is sold in uncut sheets of 16 and 32 notes, over-the-counter and by mail, to meet demands for souvenirs of visits to the BEP and for paper money collections. When purchasing the notes, the BEP authorizes the Reserve Banks to charge Treasury's general account for the face value of the notes plus the cost of printing. The authorization is contained in a modified Letter of Advice of Shipment (BEP Form 1907). On the release date contained in the Letter of Advice, the Reserve Bank debits Treasury's account for the total, credits the face value of the notes to Federal Reserve notes outstanding and credits the amount received for printing costs to the profit and loss account. (See paragraph 12.40 .) 50.45 Retirement Any Federal Reserve Bank may retire its Federal Reserve notes by returning them to the Federal Reserve Agent. The amount of notes that are retired should be debited on the balance sheet to Federal Reserve notes outstanding and removed from the amount of notes on hand. The notes may be reissued to the Bank as determined by the Assistant Agent in Washington D.C. However, it is not the practice to retire notes. 50.50 Redemption The law requires that unfit Federal Reserve notes be canceled, destroyed, and accounted for under procedures prescribed and at locations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury and that the credit for the unfit notes be apportioned among the Federal Reserve Banks as determined by RBOPS. The Cash departments commonly refer to the process of destroying Federal Reserve notes as "shreds." Shredding currency is one of the destruction methods permitted by the Treasury Currency Operations Manual (TCOM). All of the present size unfit currency in the $1–$100 denominations are to be regarded for initial accounting purposes as Federal Reserve notes. No sort is made of the Bank of issue. The amount of silver certificates and United States notes that are included in unfit currency are identified by formulae after the currency has been destroyed. After deducting such amounts and charging Treasury, redemption credit for the Federal Reserve notes is allocated among the Reserve Banks on the basis of percentages derived from the application of the following formula: A Federal Reserve Bank's share of unfit notes in the $1–$100 denominations delivered for destruction shall be the result of the division of (a) the net amount of the denomination outside the Bank at the beginning of the year by (b) the amount of the denomination outside all Federal Reserve Banks at the beginning of the year. Daily, as part of District cash office operations, unfit notes should be debited to Federal Reserve notes outstanding on the day the notes are destroyed. Branches should arrange for prompt advice to the head office of amounts that they process in order that reduction may be made currently on the head office books. Thus, all unfit currency processed within a particular District should be charged initially against that District"s outstanding notes effective on the accounting day of destruction. 50.60 Large Denomination Notes The large denominations, consisting of $500–$10,000 Federal Reserve notes, are sorted by Bank of issue and are eventually charged to the issuing Bank for debiting against Reserve notes outstanding. To minimize the number of accounting advices and facilitate control over amounts outstanding, however, all such notes delivered for verification and destruction by a Reserve Bank should be charged initially against that Bank's outstanding notes. Generally, large denomination notes are sent to the Treasury for destruction and initially charged against the outstanding FR Notes of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. RBOPS will thereafter arrange for settlements between Reserve Banks. Such settlements will normally be scheduled in June and December. The Cash Departments will be informed of the settlement at least a week in advance and should enter data on the "Large note clearing" screen in the FR5 system by the deadline indicated in the electronic mail notification provided by RBOPS staff. If there were no large denomination notes redeemed during the period, zeroes should be entered in the total columns on the screen. FRB Richmond processes one combined entry for all Districts to Federal Reserve notes outstanding to adjust for the allocation. 50.65 Currency Destroyed by Treasury Unfit and mutilated currency processed by the Treasury in Washington, D.C., is functioned through the books of the Richmond Reserve Bank. On the day of redemption, Treasury will advise the Richmond Reserve Bank of the amount for each denomination, including the Bank of issue for $500–$10,000 notes. The Richmond Reserve Bank will credit the Treasury's General Account for the total and debit (reduce) notes outstanding. The Federal Reserve Banks are responsible for reimbursement for Treasury's destruction of Federal Reserve currency. Each quarter the Treasury forwards to the Board a voucher, indicating the actual cost for services performed for the destruction of Federal Reserve currency during the previous quarter. RBOPS staff calculates the pro rata amount of each Reserve Bank's assessment based on the Bank's share of the number of notes comprising the System's net liability for Federal Reserve notes outstanding on December 31 of the previous year. Reserve Bank assessment entries will be processed via Same Day Settlement by the Richmond Reserve Bank according to information reported on to RBOPS. 50.70 Monthly Note Allocations The amount of the unfit