expensed. Post-implementation stage costs generally should be expensed, except the cost of prepaid maintenance contracts, provided that the costs meet the FAM thresholds for prepaid assets or deferred charges. Other non-capitalizable costs include process re-engineering costs, data conversion costs, and training costs. When internal use software is purchased and the purchase price includes non-capitalizable items (e.g., training), the price must be allocated among capitalizable and non-capitalizable items based on fair value. The costs for website development are accounted for in the same manner as costs of internal use software. Expenditures made to change existing software assets are considered either improvements or maintenance. Expenditures to existing software assets that meet the capitalization thresholds discussed above should be capitalized if the improvement provides additional capabilities and meets one of the following criteria: The quantity of output or operating efficiency of the asset is significantly increased. The quality of output is significantly increased. Improvements should be recorded as separate assets with unique useful lives determined in accordance with the discussion of useful lives below. When the results of efforts to rewrite or improve the software are significant enough to be considered a replacement to the existing software and the expenditures meet the capitalization criteria, the costs should be capitalized. Because the former software asset is significantly altered, the net book value of the former software asset is expensed. The costs of shared capitalized software projects (i.e., software developed by more than one Reserve Bank) should be transferred to the books of the Reserve Bank that owns the software. The Bank that owns the software should account for the entire software asset, including related amortization and disposal costs. Absent contracts or agreements that delineate ownership, the Reserve Bank that exercises control over the software is the Bank that owns the software. The estimated useful life over which the costs will be amortized should reflect the circumstances for that specific asset. The maximum useful life that should be assigned to a software asset is generally five years. For perpetual license agreements, the deferred charge should be amortized over a reasonable period generally, not to exceed five years, based on the type and use of the software. In unusual situations, a request to establish a longer useful life must be submitted for RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section staff approval. At a minimum, each Bank should assess the useful lives of software assets annually. Capitalized implementation costs for a cloud computing arrangement that does not contain a software license should be amortized over the non-cancellable term of the hosting arrangement and any optional renewal periods reasonably certain to be exercised. Categorization of some software development or capitalization of implementation costs in cloud computing arrangements may not be as easily determined from the above guidance and may require more analysis with the product or support office, business area, and review by RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section staff to determine whether the software costs should be capitalized or expensed. (Note: The accounting treatment for software developed internally for external use [sale] should be determined in consultation with the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section.) This account reflects all prepaid expenses, such as rent and real estate taxes, not specifically covered by paragraph 4.22 . The cost of all prepayments of $25,000 or more is debited to this account. (See paragraph 4.20 .) Also include prepayments for equipment purchases until the associated equipment is received. Additionally, some items other than materials and supplies should also be debited to this account as they are received with an offsetting credit to Sundry Items Payable (240-125). At the Reserve Bank's option, items that will be consumed within the month may be expensed and not entered to this account. This account may also be used for various control purposes, such as recording travel advances to employees and salary advances prior to the date of regular salary payment. Individual ledger accounts should be maintained as necessary to permit effective control. Advance payments held in this account for purchases pending delivery should not be amortized. 4.22 Prepaid Expenses—Materials and Supplies (170-250) Payments made in advance for goods and services to be rendered over future periods should be recorded as prepaid expenses. This account is used to record the cost of materials, forms, and supplies, which are carried in the Bank's general stock for release over future periods. Items that are purchased for immediate delivery to the requesting department, such as food for the cafeteria and PCs, should not be included unless the purchases are clearly for the purpose of being carried in the Bank's general stock. Items purchased for direct usage, however, may be posted to this account when such posting and simultaneous withdrawal facilitates inventory control. Freight charges should be reflected in the cost of supplies purchased, whether to be held in stock or direct usage. When impracticable to distribute freight charges over a number of items, the cost may be applied to the largest item(s) of purchase. Freight charges billed separately, and that relate to items already in stock, may be charged to expense. The treatment of freight charges billed separately must be consistent throughout the District (i.e., either all such charges must be charged to expense, or all such charges must continue to be capitalized). The salaries and related expenses that are incurred within the Bank on duplicating and printing forms, etc., or on making parts or other items of supply, may also be debited to the account and deferred to the month of actual usage, provided senior management has approved a policy for capitalizing such costs. Appropriate records should be maintained to assure that the cost of materials and supplies in stock, along with materials and supplies that have been delivered to operating departments during a month, may be verified against the balance sheet. Separate subsidiary accounts should be maintained to record supplies issued during the month and the appropriate expense entries should be made by month-end. A physical inventory of materials and supplies should be conducted