entries are made to the reimbursable account, an estimate is made of the amount of the reimbursable that will not be reimbursed. The original offset to this account is a debit to the Capital account—Cost of Unreimbursed Treasury Services (330-110). When actual amounts are determined that will not be reimbursed, the Allowance account should be debited and the Reimbursable account should be credited. This account should also be used to record allowance for the non-Treasury agencies and receivable from others. As a general rule, there will be little to no activity in this account as full costs of providing services will be passed to the Treasury. The account, however, will be maintained for contingency purposes. 3.94 FDIC assumed indebtedness; PPPLF Collateral; Asset Backed Commercial Paper Collateral (170-140) This account represents depository institution discount window loans that have been subsequently assumed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Payment and maturity schedules are worked out with the FDIC on a case-by-case basis. In addition, the account is also used to record the assumed PPPLF and Asset Backed Commercial Paper collateral of the LLCs. 3.95 Interest Accrued (170-150) This account represents interest accrued, but not yet collected, on earning assets. Earnings of nominal amounts may be credited when received except that all earnings, regardless of amount, should be accrued on the last day of the year. Record a debit to this account and a credit to earnings based on the asset type as follows: Interest accrued on securities, liquidity swaps, repurchase agreements, and securities lending fees in the System Open Market Account —the FRBNY posts these debit entries directly to each Federal Reserve Bank's accounts. Interest accruals are recognized beginning on the day that securities purchases, swap transactions, or repurchase agreements settle and ending the day before securities, swap transactions, or repurchase agreements mature or sales settle. Daily accruals are computed according to the interest calculation terms of the individual securities, swaps, and repurchase agreements. Securities lending fees are accrued based on the terms of the individual securities lending transaction. Interest accrued on foreign denominated investments is discussed at section 3.85 . Interest accrued on investments of consolidated LLCs —Entries are made to the accounts of the LLCs and, as a result of consolidation, are reported by the FRBNY and the FRBB as a component of accrued interest. Interest accruals are booked at least weekly and are computed on individual issues by dividing the amount of interest to be earned by the number of days to the payment date. Interest accrued on loans to depository institutions —The daily accrual is based on the rate in effect on the previous day divided by 365 days. Accrual on a one-day loan is unnecessary. Record the above accruals either daily or as of each Wednesday, and on the last day of the month with the following exceptions: If Wednesday is a holiday, entries made for Tuesday shall include accruals for one day's earnings on Tuesday's opening balance and one day's earnings on Tuesday's closing balance, except when January 1 falls on a Wednesday. If the last day of the month is a non-business day, entries made for the last business day shall include accruals for any day or days thereafter during the calendar month on which the Federal Reserve Bank will be closed. For example, should the 29th day of the month fall on a Friday, entries for accrual of earnings on Friday the 29th would include one day's earnings on the opening balance on that day, and two days' earnings on the closing balance of the 29th, assuming a 31-day month. If the first day of the month is not a business day, entries of accruals on the first business day shall include accruals for the day or days prior thereto within the calendar month on which the Federal Reserve Bank was closed. If entry of accruals is not made daily, the entry made on the first Wednesday of the month should include accruals for any prior day or days within that calendar month. 4.00 Premium on Securities (170-175) Premium on securities represents the unamortized amount paid in excess of the face value of securities in the SOMA, excluding foreign denominated investments. On the date of purchase, such excess is debited to this account. The cost bases of Treasury securities and GSE debt securities are adjusted for amortization of premiums on an effective interest method. Floating rate notes, however, continue to be adjusted using the straight-line basis. When securities are sold, any applicable premium is credited to the account. The FRBNY posts these entries to each Federal Reserve Bank's account. 4.10 Overdrafts (170-200) This account is used to record depository institution overnight overdrafts with the Reserve Bank, and is debited by the amount necessary to restore the depository institution's deposit account to a zero balance. 4.20 Deferred Charges and Prepaids (170-225 and 170-275) Payments made in advance for services to be rendered over future periods should be recorded as prepaid expenses and amortized as appropriate. 3 Prepayments under $25,000 should be charged directly to expense. Among the types of prepayments normally recorded as prepaid expenses are rent, taxes on real estate, and the cost of printing and supplies. Special accounts are provided on the balance sheet for recording the prepayments of services as well as recording general use type items such as materials and supplies. In particular, the $25,000 limitation is designed only to eliminate the need to amortize small amounts over many periods. Items purchased for future use should be recorded as a prepaid expense upon receipt. Also, prepayments for equipment purchases should be recorded as a prepaid expense until the associated equipment is received. Deferred charges arise through the balance sheet recognition of software and certain lease transactions. Deferred charges $25,000 or greater should be recorded in this account and amortized over the current and prospective periods that benefit from the expenditure. Deferred charges should include items such as finance lease right-of-use assets and operating lease right-of-use assets costs of major improvements