land improvements which have limited lives (e.g., sidewalks, fountains, and fences). Land improvements that cost $100,000 or more must be capitalized. The Land Improvements account is reported as a sub-account to Land. The allowance for depreciation for land improvements is reported as a sub-account to the bank premises allowance for depreciation. The cost of each improvement should be recorded in a subsidiary ledger within the Land Improvements sub-account and depreciated over its own unique estimated useful life. Depreciation is recorded by debiting depreciation expense and crediting Accumulated Depreciation for Land Improvements. The maximum useful life for land improvements is 20 years. 30.20 Building This account is used to record costs of acquiring or constructing a building to be used by the Bank. The cost of a building should include all expenditures related directly to its acquisition or construction. Generally, all costs incurred, beginning with excavation through completion of construction, are considered part of the building costs. The cost of the building should not include the cost of land, land improvements, or fixed machinery and equipment. This account should be charged when a building is purchased for immediate Bank use or when the Construction account is closed upon completion of a project. Thereafter, only major alterations, renovations and improvements may be added to the capitalized cost of the building. 3 Building improvements must be capitalized if the cost is $100,000 or more, and if the improvements meet the capitalization criteria defined in paragraph 30.70 . Such major improvements should be recorded and depreciated individually in the Bank's subsidiary records. The account should be credited only when the building or major improvement is sold, demolished, or otherwise retired, such as by transfer to the Other Real Estate account. Projects such as repairing, painting or refurbishing should be charged to expense unless they meet the capitalization tests for improvements as defined in section 30.70 . The maximum useful life of a building is 50 years. Improvements should be assigned unique useful lives, not to exceed 50 years. 30.30 Construction Account This account is used to accumulate all capitalizable costs relating to a building or renovation project, and is closed out following completion of the project. This account should be charged for all costs of a new building, the purchase price of a building to be held for future use pending renovation, and all renovation and improvement costs. Receipts from the sale for such items as scrap or recoveries of building costs for such items as change orders and insurance should be deducted from the amount of the project to be capitalized. Upon completion of a given project, amounts that were accumulated in this account should be analyzed and capitalized in accordance with the provisions contained in this chapter. Construction projects should be capitalized in a timely fashion (i.e., when the project is substantially complete) and, if necessary, in portions. Resolution of punch list items and billing disputes should not delay capitalization unless their nature is so significant that the asset(s) are rendered virtually unusable until resolution. Reserve Banks may capitalize and depreciate salaries of employees directly engaged in construction projects if they are performing functions that an outside contractor or consultant would be retained to perform if the internal staff were not available or did not have the necessary expertise. Personnel costs associated with management oversight should not be capitalized if they are of an administrative nature. See 30.40 for examples of capitalized items. As costs are incurred, they should be analyzed for propriety as capital costs related to the project. Expense items should not be carried in this account except as necessary when commingled with other costs. When such expense items are finally determined, they should normally be applied to the current year's expenses. Similarly, costs related to building and construction projects, such as consulting fees and survey costs, that have not been and are not likely to be approved by the Board in the near future should be expensed when incurred, rather than included in this account. 30.40 Examples of Classification of Capitalized Bank Premises Assets The following are examples of disbursements, which are to be capitalized as land, land improvements, and building. The list is intended to suggest the scope of the Bank Premises accounts and is not exhaustive. Land Amount paid to vendor Back taxes (not paid before acquisition) 1 Clearing Commissions (real estate) Cost of options and appraisals Demolition Earth work Internal Revenue stamps Legal expenses Outdoor landscaping—new building or significant redesign of the land Permits Recording deed and lease Relocation costs (paid to or for tenants requested to vacate) Site drainage Soil treatment Subsurface exploration Title examination Unexpired leases Utility relocations 1 Amounts paid after acquisition should be expensed. Land Improvements Built-in concrete benches and planters Fences and gates Flag poles Fountains, pools, and monuments Irrigation systems Environmental remediation 1 Other site improvements (retaining walls, stationary bollards) Parking lots Plazas and patios Sidewalks, curbs, pavers, and handrails Site lighting 1 Reserve Banks must consult with the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section to determine if capitalization is appropriate. Building All permanent and demountable partitions (except freestanding) Architects and consultants fees (including design development, schematic designs, and construction artifacts) Book and record vaults Brick, marble, limestone and granite cut stone work foundation Builders' risk and other insurance Built-in fire protection equipment (e.g., sprinkler systems) Built-in loading dock equipment Built-in maintenance systems Built-in shooting range equipment (e.g., stops/traps) Built-in window treatments (including film) Built-in window washing equipment Casework (built-in furniture) Ceiling and support systems Cement or metal floors and stairs Damp proofing and water proofing Ducts, conduits, cables, wiring and power points not associated with a specific building machinery and equipment Electrical wiring Elevator doors Elevator shafts Environmental remediation 1 Excavation Finished hardware Fire and storm doors Floor and roof construction (including structural and raised) Foundation systems (piles, walls, piers, and footings) Fuel connections Hoist Indoor built-in artwork Indoor built-in landscaping 2 Licenses and permits Lighting fixtures Mail chutes and conveyors Mill work and dimension lumber Moving stairs