has abstained from participating, directly or indirectly, in the deliberations or voting on the extension of credit. Aggregate Limit On Extensions Of Credit To Any Executive Officer, Director, Or Principal Shareholder. A member bank may extend credit to any executive officer, director, or principal shareholder, or to any related interest of such a person, only if the extension of credit is in an amount that, when aggregated with the amount of all outstanding extensions of credit by that bank to that person and that person's related interests, would not exceed the limits on loans to a single borrower established by section 5200 of the Revised Statutes. For purposes of this paragraph, section 5200 of the Revised Statutes shall be deemed to apply to a State member bank as if the State member bank were a national banking association. Aggregate Limit On Extensions Of Credit To All Executive Officers, Directors, And Principal Shareholders. In General. A member bank may extend credit to any executive officer, director, or principal shareholder, or to any related interest of such a person, if the extension of credit is in an amount that, when aggregated with the amount of all outstanding extensions of credit by that bank to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, and those persons' related interests would not exceed the bank's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. More Stringent Limit Authorized. The Board may, by regulation, prescribe a limit that is more stringent than that contained in subparagraph (A). Board May Make Exceptions For Certain Banks. The Board may, by regulation, make exceptions to subparagraph (A) for member banks with less than $100,000,000 in deposits if the Board determines that the exceptions are important to avoid constricting the availability of credit in small communities or to attract directors to such banks. In no case may the aggregate amount of all outstanding extensions of credit to a bank's executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, and those persons' related interests be more than 2 times the bank's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Overdrafts By Executive Officers And Directors Prohibited. In General. If any executive officer or director has an account at the member bank, the bank may not pay on behalf of that person an amount exceeding the funds on deposit in the account. Exceptions. Subparagraph (A) does not prohibit a member bank from paying funds in accordance with-- a written preauthorized, interest-bearing extension of credit specifying a method of repayment; or a written preauthorized transfer of funds from another account of the executive officer or director at that bank. Prohibition On Knowingly Receiving Unauthorized Extension Of Credit. No executive officer, director, or principal shareholder shall knowingly receive (or knowingly permit any of that person's related interests to receive) from a member bank, directly or indirectly, any extension of credit not authorized under this subsection. Executive Officer, Director, Or Principal Shareholder Of Certain Affiliates Treated As Executive Officer, Director, Or Principal Shareholder Of Member Bank. In General. For purposes of this subsection, any executive officer, director, or principal shareholder (as the case may be) of any company of which the member bank is a subsidiary, or of any other subsidiary of that company, shall be deemed to be an executive officer, director, or principal shareholder (as the case may be) of the member bank. Exception. The Board may, by regulation, make exceptions to subparagraph (A) for any executive officer or director of a subsidiary of a company that controls the member bank if-- the executive officer or director does not have authority to participate, and does not participate, in major policymaking functions of the member bank; and the assets of such subsidiary do not exceed 10 percent of the consolidated assets of a company that controls the member bank and such subsidiary (and is not controlled by any other company). Definitions. For purposes of this subsection: Company. In General. Except as provided in clause (ii), the term "company" means any corporation, partnership, business or other trust, association, joint venture, pool syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, or other business entity. Exceptions. The term "company" does not include-- an insured depository institution (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act); or a corporation the majority of the shares of which are owned by the United States or by any State. Control. A person controls a company or bank if that person, directly or indirectly, or acting through or in concert with 1 or more persons-- owns, controls, or has the power to vote 25 percent or more of any class of the company's voting securities; controls in any manner the election of a majority of the company's directors; or has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the company's management or policies. Executive Officer. A person is an "executive officer" of a company or bank if that person participates or has authority to participate (other than as a director) in major policymaking functions of the company or bank. Extension Of Credit. In General. A member bank extends credit to a person by-- making or renewing any loan, granting a line of credit, or entering into any similar transaction as a result of which the person becomes obligated (directly or indirectly, or by any means whatsoever) to pay money or its equivalent to the bank; or having credit exposure to the person arising from a derivative transaction (as defined in section 5200(b) of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 84(b))), repurchase agreement, reverse repurchase agreement, securities lending transaction, or securities borrowing transaction between the member bank and the person. Exceptions. The Board may, by regulation, make exceptions to clause (i) for transactions that the Board determines pose minimal risk. Member Bank. The term "member bank" includes any subsidiary of a member bank. Principal Shareholder. The term "principal shareholder"-- means any person that directly or indirectly, or acting through or in concert with one or more persons, owns, controls, or has the power to vote more than 10 percent of any class of voting