Financial Firms in the United States Structure and Share Data for U.S. Offices of Foreign Banks Financial Accounts Financial Accounts of the United States - Z.1 Household Finance Consumer Credit - G.19 Household Debt Service Ratios Mortgage Debt Outstanding Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF) Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Industrial Activity Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization - G.17 Interest Rates Selected Interest Rates - H.15 Micro Data Reference Manual (MDRM) Micro and Macro Data Collections Money Stock and Reserve Balances Factors Affecting Reserve Balances - H.4.1 Money Stock Measures - H.6 Other Yield Curve Models and Data Consumers & Communities Regulations Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) All Regulations SupervisionÂ & Enforcement CA Letters Enforcement Actions Independent Foreclosure Review Community Development Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization Small Business and Entrepreneurship Employment and Workforce Development Community Development Finance Rural Community and Economic Development Conferences ResearchÂ & Analysis Survey of Household Economics and Decisionmaking Research Publications & Data Analysis Community Advisory Council Resources for Consumers Frauds and Scams Mortgage and Foreclosure Resources Federal Reserve Community Development Resources Home About the Fed Board Meetings Board Meeting RSS Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. Open Board Meeting on October 10, 2019 Open meeting memoranda Accessible Keys for Video [Space Bar] toggles play/pause; [Right/Left Arrows] seeks the video forwards and back (5 sec ); [Up/Down Arrows] increase/decrease volume; [M] toggles mute on/off; [F] toggles fullscreen on/off (Except IE 11); The [Tab] key may be used in combination with the [Enter/Return] key to navigate and activate control buttons, such as caption on/off. Tailoring Rule Board Memo (PDF) Federal Register notice #1 Federal Register notice #2 Visual (PDF) Opening Statement by Chair Jerome H. Powell Opening Statement by Vice Chair for Supervision Randal K. Quarles Statement by Governor Lael Brainard Federal Reserve Board finalizes rules that tailor its regulations for domestic and foreign banks to more closely match their risk profiles Resolution Plan Rules Board Memo (PDF) Federal Register notice Visual (PDF) Orders Delegating Authority to Make Certain Determinations under Regulation LL and Regulation YY, and under Regulation QQ (PDF) Fee Proposal Federal Register notice (PDF) Note: The correct comment period end date is 01-09-2020. The comment period end date originally published by the Federal Register on November 12, 2019 was incorrect. Government in the Sunshine Meeting Notice Agency: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Time, date: 2:00 p.m., Thursday, October 10, 2019 Place: Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building, 20th and C Streets, N.W., Washington D.C. 20551 Status: Open On the day of the meeting, you will be able to view the meeting via webcast from a link available on the Board's public website. You do not need to register to view the webcast of the meeting. A link to the meeting documentation will also be available approximately 20 minutes before the start of the meeting. Both links may be accessed from the Board's public website at www.federalreserve.gov If you plan to attend the open meeting in person, we ask that you notify us in advance and provide your name, date of birth, and social security number (SSN) or passport number. You may provide this information by calling 202-452-2474 or you may register online . You may pre-register until close of business on Wednesday, October 9, 2019. You also will be asked to provide identifying information, including a photo ID, before being admitted to the Board meeting. The Public Affairs Office must approve the use of cameras; please email [email protected] for further information. If you need an accommodation for a disability, please contact Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. For the hearing impaired only, please use the Telecommunication Device for the Deaf (TDD) on 202-263-4869. Privacy Act Notice: The information you provide will be used to assist us in prescreening you to ensure the security of the Board's premises and personnel. In order to do this, we may disclose your information consistent with the routine uses listed in the Privacy Act Notice for BGFRS-32, including to appropriate federal, state, local, or foreign agencies where disclosure is reasonably necessary to determine whether you pose a security risk or where the security or confidentiality of your information has been compromised. We are authorized to collect your information by 12 U.S.C §§ 243 and 248, and Executive Order 9397. In accordance with Executive Order 9397, we collect your SSN so that we can keep accurate records, because other people may have the same name and birth date. In addition, we use your SSN when we make requests for information about you from law enforcement and other regulatory agency databases. Furnishing the information requested is voluntary; however, your failure to provide any of the information requested may result in disapproval of your request for access to the Board's premises. You may be subject to a fine or imprisonment under 18 U.S.C § 1001 for any false statements you make in your request to enter the Board's premises. Matter(s) Considered: 1. Final rules on prudential standards and resolution plan requirements for large domestic and foreign banking organizations and proposed rule on supervisory assessments for large banking organizations. Notes: 1. The staff memo to the Board will be made available to attendees on the day of the meeting in paper and the background material will be made available on a compact disc (CD). If you require a paper copy of the entire document, please call Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. The documentation will not be available until about 20 minutes before the start of the meeting. 2. This meeting will be recorded for the benefit of those unable to attend. The webcast recording and a transcript of the meeting will be available after the meeting on the Board's public web site http://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/boardmeetings/ or if you prefer, a CD recording of the meeting will be available for listening in the Board's Freedom of Information Office, and copies can be ordered for $4 per disc by calling 202-452-3684 or by writing to: Freedom