Home About the Fed Fed Financial Statements Federal Reserve System Audited Annual Financial Statements Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks Financial Accounting Manual for Federal Reserve Banks, May 2025 PDF Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. About This Manual Abbreviations Summary of Revisions Chapter 1. Balance Sheet Chapter 2. Collateral and Custodies Chapter 3. Property and Equipment Chapter 4. System Open Market Account Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes Chapter 6. Reporting Requirements Chapter 7. Funding, Credit, Liquidity, and Loan Facilities Chapter 8. Special Topics Appendixes Appendix A. Currency Appendix B. Dividends Appendix C. FR 34 Accounts Appendix D. Software Appendix E. Reserved Appendix F. Pension Chapter 5. Federal Reserve Notes 50.01 General This chapter discusses special accounting and reporting procedures applicable to Federal Reserve notes. The Federal Reserve Act requires that Federal Reserve notes be issued to a Reserve Bank through the Federal Reserve Agent, or through an Assistant Federal Reserve Agent appointed by the Agent, upon pledge of adequate collateral security by the Bank. Until 1977 the local assistant agents held stocks of unissued notes as a source of supply for the cash departments and issued the notes to the Banks upon receipt of application for specific amounts. The procedure was changed beginning in 1978 and the local stocks were discontinued along with the need for the Reserve Banks to apply for specific amounts or to earmark specific collateral. As part of the new procedure the Federal Reserve Agents designated a member of the Board of Governors' staff in Washington as Assistant Federal Reserve Agent to control the issuance of notes and to monitor the adequacy of collateral that is pledged by each Bank under a continuing agreement. The agreement, executed by each Bank and Agent, results in the pledge of specified assets that the Bank may own at any time plus whatever amount may be required out of the Bank's other eligible assets, including its participation in Treasury, Federal agency, and GSE debt securities held in the System Open Market Account. The specified assets consist of the Bank's gold and SDR certificates, loans under Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act, and assets acquired under the provisions of Section 14. In December 1990, the Board revised procedures for collateralizing Federal Reserve notes, whereby assets denominated in foreign currencies that have been acquired under the provisions of Section 14 of the Federal Reserve Act may be pledged as collateral by the Federal Reserve Agent or Assistant Federal Reserve Agent in instances where other eligible assets are insufficient to secure Federal Reserve notes fully. In December 1999, the Federal Reserve Act was amended to broaden the range of discount window loans that may be used as collateral for Federal Reserve notes to include all loans to depository institutions. In October 2003, the Federal Reserve Act was further amended to allow all assets of the Federal Reserve Banks to be eligible as collateral for Federal Reserve notes and to specify that collateral is not required for currency held off-site on behalf of Federal Reserve Banks. A statement showing the amount of notes outstanding to each Bank, the notes requiring collateralization, and the various assets pledged as System collateral security is published weekly in the Board's H.4.1 release. General procedures for handling the cost of procuring Federal Reserve notes are addressed in the Federal Reserve Act, Section 16, which states, "The expenses necessarily incurred in executing the laws relating to procuring of such notes, and all other expenses incidental to their issue and retirement, shall be paid by the Federal Reserve Banks, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall include in its estimate of expenses levied against the Federal Reserve Banks a sufficient amount to cover the expenses herein provided for." The costs incurred by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) for printing Federal Reserve notes are invoiced monthly to the Board in accordance with their agreement. On a scheduled basis, the Board assesses the Reserve Banks for these costs based on each Bank's share of the total number of Federal Reserve notes outstanding on December 31st of the previous year. The Board collects the assessment from the Banks in the same month that it remits payment to the BEP. The Reserve Banks record these payments to the Assessment by Board of Governors—F.R. Currency Costs Account (330-150) as described in paragraph 12.45 . See Accounting for Currency Costs at Appendix A.3 for additional discussion. 50.05 Denominations Seven denominations of Federal Reserve notes are issued currently. Before 1963 the issuance was limited to denominations of $5 and up. The $1 notes were authorized in 1963 as a replacement for $l silver certificates that were being discontinued because of the need for silver coinage; $2 notes were authorized at the same time but were not printed and issued until 1976. Larger denominations ($500, $1,000, $5,000, and $10,000) were first authorized primarily for interbank transactions by an amendment to the Federal Reserve Act in 1918. With demand for them shrinking, printing of these denominations was discontinued in 1946. The remaining inventories were delivered to Treasury for destruction in 1969 when it was determined that transactions for which the notes had previously been used could be met by other means, such as checks or $100 notes. Currently, circulating large denomination notes received in the normal course of business are destroyed. 50.10 Printing The BEP Director, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, is responsible for the printing of Federal Reserve notes. Each year, the Board places a printing order with the BEP Director based on the estimated need for new currency and inventory requirements. After newly printed Federal Reserve Notes pass quality control testing, they are delivered to a special vault pending shipment. 50.20 Shipments The Board's RBOPS Division arranges for the shipments of Federal Reserve notes from the BEP to Federal Reserve offices in amounts sufficient to maintain inventories at agreed upon levels. The