are recognized. On the day of settlement the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank according to its current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 11.94 and paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) The following accounts are participated to each Reserve Bank: 145-300 Fed Agency MBS (includes GSE RMBS and CMBS) 145-315 Fed Agency MBS—fail to deliver (includes the receivable for GSE RMBS and CMBS fails and related fees for failing to deliver) 145-330 Fed Agency MBS—temporary investments (includes temporary investments resulting from GSE RMBS and CMBS transactions) 3.10 Allowance for Credit Losses (145-360) Reserve Banks are required to recognize lifetime expected credit losses on a loan measured at amortized cost, regardless of whether the risk of credit loss is determined to be remote. 2 Detailed instructions on how to recognize, measure, and record an allowance for credit loss are provided in paragraph 81.01 , Allowance for Credit Losses. The Reserve Banks should use account 145-360 to record allowances for credit losses. Allowances recorded in this account must be approved by the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 3.13 Investment in LLC (145-600) In February 2012, the FRBNY acquired a building and transferred title to a newly formed and wholly owned subsidiary, Maiden & Nassau LLC, a limited liability company (LLC) organized under Delaware law. This account is used to record the investment in the LLC and is eliminated upon consolidation of the subsidiary. 3.30 Items in Process of Collection (150-025, 150-050, 150-100, and 150-150) Consists of items, including but not limited to cash letters, return items, and automated clearinghouse files, deposited with the Federal Reserve for collection and, on the balance sheet date, have not yet been presented to the paying bank. The items are segregated on the FR 34 according to the accounts described in the following paragraphs. Sufficient detail or subsidiary accounts should be maintained to identify the general nature of the transactions for float reporting purposes (see paragraph 11.40 ), including transportation delays and midweek/holiday closings. Transit Items—Federal Reserve Banks (150-025) Represents amounts due from other Federal Reserve Banks. The balance reported on the FR 34 represents the total of items forwarded to and still in process of collection with other Districts, including cash letters, and automated clearinghouse (ACH) activity. Transit Items—Depository Institutions (150-050) Represents the amount of items including cash letters, return items, etc., which have been dispatched for collection and will be settled with depository institutions located in their own office territory. This account is charged when items are forwarded for payment. This account also includes: ACH credit transactions when the originating depository institution cannot be debited on the transaction date because of a holiday or mid-week closing; and deferred debit entries for depository institutions settled in another Reserve Bank. Cash letters reported not received by the cut-off hour by paying banks because of transportation delays should be reported in this account. Work that has been identified as lost (i.e., has remained in Transit Items for 3 business days) should not be included in this account, but should be transferred to an Adjustments, net account. Other Items in Process (150-100) Represents the aggregate amount of items held overnight for processing or dispatch on the following day, exchanges for clearinghouses, and return items held over for look-up. Only items for which credit has been passed or deferred to depositors are included. Also includes the redemption value of future due securities or coupons held pending maturity and for which the Reserve Bank has elected to credit the deferred credit account and credit has been passed or will be passed to customer accounts on a pre-determined availability schedule, securities transfers where a depository institution has been credited but the Reserve Bank is unable to complete the transaction and debit ACH return items that have been held over. Adjustments, Net (150-150) The balance in this account represents the net amount (+ or -) of check related adjustments and any other adjustments relating to items that are debited to items in process of collection including differences that are temporarily held in abeyance pending final resolution. The account contains the net of both debit and credit adjustments to items originally recorded in an items in process of collection account such as un-located differences in settlement, unlocated departmental differences, loose items, cash letters determined to be lost (see Transit Items—Depository Institutions (paragraph 150-050) , missing bundles reported by drawee banks, items believed to be listed but not enclosed in outgoing cash letters, adjustment requests received from Banks containing insufficient information, errors on clearinghouse statements discovered too late to correct, and cash letter changes discovered too late for adjustments to be made to accounting charges. Also included are check truncation adjustment items where the adjustment arises from a difference occurring between a depository institution and a Reserve Bank. Treasury check truncation adjustment items and other government related adjustment items where the adjustment arises from a difference between a Reserve Bank and Treasury or another government agency, which do not affect float should be held in Suspense Account—General pending resolution. Transactions involving items in process of collection that have been dispatched by the Federal Reserve office for which the office is unable to determine the destination distinction between other Federal Reserve Banks and depository institutions should also be included in this account. Immaterial items below a certain threshold amount are entered to a difference account in Other assets or a current expense account (as described in paragraph 4.40 ), as are all other differences where it is probable that the difference will not be resolved or where it is decided that it is not feasible to conduct further research. 3.40 Bank Premises—Land (160-025) The balance in this account represents the original cost of land (less any charge-offs); incidental expenses in connection with the purchase; cost of wrecking old buildings (less salvage); and paving, grading, or landscaping. 3.45 Bank Premises—Buildings (Including Vaults) (160-050) Includes the total cost of