held in stock or direct usage. When impracticable to distribute freight charges over a number of items, the cost may be applied to the largest item(s) of purchase. Freight charges billed separately, and that relate to items already in stock, may be charged to expense. The treatment of freight charges billed separately must be consistent throughout the District (i.e., either all such charges must be charged to expense, or all such charges must continue to be capitalized). The salaries and related expenses that are incurred within the Bank on duplicating and printing forms, etc., or on making parts or other items of supply, may also be debited to the account and deferred to the month of actual usage, provided senior management has approved a policy for capitalizing such costs. Appropriate records should be maintained to assure that the cost of materials and supplies in stock, along with materials and supplies that have been delivered to operating departments during a month, may be verified against the balance sheet. Separate subsidiary accounts should be maintained to record supplies issued during the month and the appropriate expense entries should be made by month-end. A physical inventory of materials and supplies should be conducted at least annually and any necessary adjusting entries made to expense. Items which become obsolete or which have only limited use over future periods, such as an unused supply of a monthly bulletin issued two months earlier, should be expensed unless the Reserve Bank feels that the demand for the item is likely to recur at a pace that justifies the continued recordkeeping. In the case of supplies that are sold out of inventory, the offsetting entry should be made to cash, items in process of collection, or other designated payment medium. Purchases for future consumption should be uniformly debited to this account and expensed by the last business day of the month based on the supplies actually used during the month, and the average cost of such supplies should always be used in calculating the expense charge. 4.23 Prepaid Expense—Pension Costs (170-260) This account is used by the FRBA to record the funded status of the Retirement Plan for Employees of the Federal Reserve System (System Plan) when the fair value of plan assets exceed the projected benefit obligation, as defined by FASB ASC Topic 715-20, and required by FASB ASC Topic 715-20. The FRBA recognizes the costs and associated net asset or liability of the System Plan on behalf of all the System's employers. Although the System Plan has characteristics of a multi-employer plan in that the plan's assets are not severable among the participating employers, the FRBA accounts for and discloses the System Plan in a manner similar to a single-employer plan given its close administrative relationship with the Office of Employee Benefits and practice of providing funding to the plan on behalf of the System when needed; refer to appendix F.1 for additional information. 4.40 Difference Account, Net (170-300) Differences are reported in the account to permit settlement between incoming and outgoing work processed in various areas. A difference is an out-of-balance condition resulting from the normal operation of a department where it is probable that the difference will not be resolved or where it is decided that it is not economically feasible to conduct further research. The account thus contains amounts that the Bank has determined to be either uncollectible or else not worth the effort of doing so. While their disposition is considered final, entries to this account are subject to reversal. The account contains both overages and shortages and is shown net on the asset side of FR 34. The balance in this account should be removed and applied to current expense monthly and at year-end regardless of the year in which the differences originated. At the option of any Reserve Bank, unresolved items in the Adjustments, net or Suspense accounts for which research is complete may be written off directly to Current expense, bypassing the Difference account, providing that sufficient control and documentation exist to ensure a clear audit trail absent the Difference account entries. An expensed item that is resolved subsequently should be applied directly to expenses of the current period. General ledger accounts are maintained as necessary to permit effective control. The sources of differences are generally as follows: Currency and Coin . Tellers verifying incoming deposits are sometimes unable to locate differences in the work. Also, depository institutions will report back any differences that they find in shipments from the Reserve Bank. Any difference identifiable as to depositing institution is applied back to the depositor and is not entered in this account. Differences that result from counterfeits identified during currency processing should be charged to this account. Other. Internal differences may occur in a variety of Reserve Bank settlement operations such as the balancing of paid savings bonds, cafeteria receipts, and postmaster's deposits. Any difference that will be resolved and reversed should be posted to a suspense account. 4.50 Suspense Account—General (170-325) This account represents miscellaneous debit items that are temporarily held in abeyance pending disposition. In the case of differences, the suspense account contains amounts whose disposition has yet to be decided and which the Bank has reason to believe are collectable or payable. The suspense account is used to record other items about which there are questions or which for other reasons are being held pending functioning to the appropriate account. Examples are (1) adjustments for savings bond redemptions, (2) expense items that arrive too late in the day to be vouchered or that are being held for additional information, (3) other transactions that require additional information or verification before the charge can be made to the proper account, and (4) checks cashed for employees that have been returned due to non-sufficient funds, etc. The only check-related items to be held in this account are Treasury check truncation adjustment items, and other government related adjustment items, where an un-located difference arises between a Reserve Bank and Treasury,