621); and amended by acts of June 19, 1934 (48 Stat. 1108) and Dec. 27, 2000 (114 Stat. 3027). By act approved June 27, 1935 (49 Stat. 425), provision was made for the furnishing of steam from the central heating plant to the Federal Reserve Board, now the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.] 4. Principal offices; expenses; deposit of funds; members not to be officers or stockholders of banks The principal offices of the Board shall be in the District of Columbia. At meetings of the Board the chairman shall preside, and, in his absence, the vice chairman shall preside. In the absence of the chairman and the vice chairman, the board shall elect a member to act as chairman pro tempore. The Board shall determine and prescribe the manner in which its obligations shall be incurred and its disbursements and expenses allowed and paid, and may leave on deposit in the Federal Reserve banks the proceeds of assessments levied upon them to defray its estimated expenses and the salaries of its members and employees, whose employment, compensation, leave, and expenses shall be governed solely by the provisions of this Act, specific amendments thereof, and rules and regulations of the Board not inconsistent therewith; and funds derived from such assessments shall not be construed to be Government funds or appropriated moneys. No member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be an officer or director of any bank, banking institution, trust company, or Federal Reserve bank or hold stock in any bank, banking institution, or trust company; and before entering upon his duties as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System he shall certify under oath that he has complied with this requirement, and such certification shall be filed with the secretary of the Board. Whenever a vacancy shall occur, other than by expiration of term, among the six members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System appointed by the President as above provided, a successor shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to fill such vacancy, and when appointed he shall hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor. [12 USC 244. As amended by acts of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 621); June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 167); Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 705). The reference to "the six members" of the Board of Governors is an apparent error in the law and should read "the seven members." See section 10 , first paragraph, this act.] 5. Vacancies during recess of Senate The President shall have power to fill all vacancies that may happen on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System during the recess of the Senate by granting commissions which shall expire with the next session of the Senate. [12 USC 245. As amended by act of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 621).] 6. Reservation of powers of Secretary of Treasury Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed as taking away any powers heretofore vested by law in the Secretary of the Treasury which relate to the supervision, management, and control of the Treasury Department and bureaus under such department, and wherever any power vested by this Act in the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal reserve agent appears to conflict with the powers of the Secretary of the Treasury, such powers shall be exercised subject to the supervision and control of the Secretary. [12 USC 246. As reenacted without change by act of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 621).] 7. Annual report The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall annually make a full report of its operations to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, who shall cause the same to be printed for the information of the Congress. The report required under this paragraph shall include the reports required under section 707 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, section 18(f)(7) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, section 114 of the Truth in Lending Act, and the tenth undesignated paragraph of this section. [12 USC 247. As reenacted without change by act of June 3, 1922 (42 Stat. 621) and amended by acts of June 3, 1922, and Dec. 27, 2000 (114 Stat. 3030).] 8. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Section three hundred and twenty-four of the Revised Statutes of the United States shall be amended so as to read as follows: (a) Office Of The Comptroller Of The Currency Established. There is established in the Department of the Treasury a bureau to be known as the "Office of the Comptroller of the Currency" which is charged with assuring the safety and soundness of, and compliance with laws and regulations, fair access to financial services, and fair treatment of customers by, the institutions and other persons subject to its jurisdiction. (b) Comptroller Of The Currency. In General. The chief officer of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shall be known as the Comptroller of the Currency. The Comptroller of the Currency shall perform the duties of the Comptroller of the Currency under the general direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury may not delay or prevent the issuance of any rule or the promulgation of any regulation by the Comptroller of the Currency, and may not intervene in any matter or proceeding before the Comptroller of the Currency (including agency enforcement actions), unless otherwise specifically provided by law. Additional Authority. The Comptroller of the Currency shall have the same authority with respect to functions transferred to the Comptroller of the Currency under the Enhancing Financial Institution Safety and Soundness Act of 2010 as was vested in the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision on the transfer date, as defined in section 311 of that Act. [12 USC 1. As reenacted without change by act of June 3, 1922 (42