and a seller with regards to type of security, coupon, face value, price, and settlement date; however, the actual pools and characteristics of the underlying mortgage collateral are not known until allocation day. Allocation day is two business days before settlement date. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association releases a monthly schedule that indicates specific days that settlement is expected to occur. The FRBNY requires the posting of cash collateral for commitments as part of the risk management practices used to mitigate counterparty risk, and the resulting cash collateral held by the FRBNY is recorded in Federal Agency MBS Related Liabilities account. (See paragraph 11.94 .) Interest expense on the margin balance held for TBA exposure is calculated daily and recorded monthly. Counterparties to MBS commitment transactions incur a daily charge when they fail to deliver the securities on settlement date. The fails charge is calculated daily and accrued monthly. The margin expense and fails charge are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio on a monthly basis. (See paragraph 40.70 .) Dollar Roll Transactions A dollar roll is a transaction in which the investor sells or purchases MBS or TBA securities for delivery in the current month and simultaneously contracts to repurchase or resell substantially similar (although not necessarily the same) securities on a specified future date. Transfers of MBS upon settlement of the initial TBA MBS transactions are accounted for as purchases or sales in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, and the related outstanding commitments are accounted for on a settlement-date basis. Coupon Swap Transactions A coupon swap is a trade with a single counterparty in which the investor agrees to simultaneously sell one TBA or MBS and to buy an equal amount of a different type TBA or MBS with a different coupon. Based on the terms of the coupon swap transactions, transfers of MBS upon settlement of the initial TBA MBS transactions are accounted for as purchases or sales in accordance with ASC 860 and the related outstanding commitments are accounted for on a settlement-date basis. 40.15 Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell (Repurchase Agreements) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to acquire U.S. Treasury, Federal agency, and GSE debt securities, as well as Federal agency and GSE MBS, under agreement with a primary dealer to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities purchased under agreements to resell). The FRBNY may engage in tri-party purchases of securities under agreements to resell ("tri-party agreements"). In a tri-party arrangement, commercial custodial banks manage the collateral clearing, settlement, pricing, and pledging, and provide cash and securities custodial services for and on behalf of the FRBNY and counterparty. Acceptable collateral under tri-party agreements is determined by the FOMC. The tri-party agreements are accounted for as financing transactions with the associated interest income accrued over the life of the agreements. Repurchase agreements are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.20 Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase (Reverse Repurchase Agreements) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as secured borrowing transactions with the associated interest expense recognized over the term of the transaction, generally overnight. The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to sell U.S. Treasury, Federal agency, and GSE debt securities, as well as Federal agency and GSE MBS, under agreements to repurchase. The FRBNY is also authorized and directed by the FOMC to execute reverse repurchase agreements with primary dealers, and with a set of expanded counterparties which includes banks, savings associations, GSEs, and domestic money market funds. These reverse repurchase transactions are settled through tri-party arrangements. The FRBNY also executes reverse repurchase agreements with foreign official and international accounts as part of a service offering to account holders. The par values of securities that are sold under agreements to repurchase are deducted from the SOMA portfolio balance when calculating assets available for collateral for Federal Reserve notes. Reverse repurchase agreements are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 2 40.25 Securities Lending The FRBNY, on behalf of the Reserve Banks, may lend, on an overnight or term basis, U.S. Treasury, Federal agency, and GSE debt securities held in the SOMA to securities dealers and to banks participating in U.S. government clearing arrangements. These securities-lending transactions are fully collateralized by Treasury securities, or Federal agency and GSE debt securities if agency securities are loaned, that have fair value in excess of the securities lent. The FRBNY charges the participating dealer or bank a fee for borrowing securities and a fee if the borrower fails to deliver the borrowed securities at maturity. Securities-lending fees are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the domestic SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) 40.30 Foreign Currency Denominated Investments The FRBNY, on behalf of the Reserve Banks, holds foreign currency deposits and foreign government debt instruments denominated in foreign currencies with foreign central banks and the Bank for International Settlements (BIS). The FRBNY may also enter into transactions to purchase Euro denominated government debt securities under agreements to resell; these transactions are treated as financing transactions where the repurchase agreement is recorded as an asset and interest income is accrued on a daily basis. Balances result from the execution of transactions and foreign currency interventions for the purpose of stabilizing fluctuations in international flows and exchange values of various currencies and other needs specified by the FOMC. This balance includes the amortization of premiums and discounts. Foreign currency denominated investments, realized and unrealized gains and losses, and interest are participated to each Reserve Bank based on the Bank's designated share of the foreign SOMA portfolio. (See paragraph 40.70 .) Investments denominated in foreign currencies are accounted for at cost on a settlement-date basis, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the