paid, discounted using the discount rate for the lease at lease commencement and a right-of-use asset. The Reserve Bank lessees shall use a risk-free discount rate (i.e., Treasury borrowing rate) determined using a period comparable with that of the lease term. However, if the interest rate implicit in the lease, as computed by the lessor, is readily determinable, such interest rate should be used as the risk-free discount rate. The measurement cost of the right-of-use asset shall consist of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease payments made to the lessor at or before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred by the Reserve Bank lessee minus any lease incentives received. 8 A materiality threshold has been established for the balance sheet recognition of lessee leases: the materiality test for a finance lease is that each identified leased asset value equals or exceeds $100,000; the materiality test for an operating lease is that lease payments over the lease term for each operating lease item equals or exceeds $100,000. Potential finance leases with lease payments over the lease term in excess of $500,000 along with the proposed accounting treatment should be sent to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section for review. Remeasurement of the Lease Liability Any changes to lease payments after the commencement date including incentive payments for tenant allowances shall be reflected by the Reserve Bank lessee as a remeasurement of the lease liability through an adjustment to the right-of-use asset. However, if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero, any remaining amount of the remeasurement is recognized in the Statement of Operations. The Reserve Bank lessee shall update the discount rate for the lease at the date of remeasurement on the basis of the remaining lease term and the remaining lease payments. The discount rate will not be required to be updated unless the remeasurement of the lease liability is the result of one of the following: A change in the lease term or the assessment of whether the Reserve Bank lessee will exercise an option to purchase the underlying asset and the discount rate for the lease already reflects that the Reserve Bank lessee has an option to extend or terminate the lease or to purchase the underlying asset. A change in amounts probable of being owed by the Reserve Bank lessee under a residual value guarantee. A change in the lease payments resulting from the resolution of a contingency upon which some or all of the variable lease payments that will be paid over the remainder of the lease term are based. Short-Term Leases A short-term lease is defined as " A lease that, at the commencement date, has a lease term of 12 months or less and does not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. " A Reserve Bank lessee will not apply the balance sheet recognition requirements to short-term leases meeting this definition. Instead, a Reserve Bank lessee will recognize the lease payments in the Statement of Operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. If the lease term or the assessment of a Reserve Bank lessee option to purchase the underlying asset changes such that, after the change, the remaining lease term extends more than 12 months from the end of the previously determined lease term or the Reserve Bank lessee is reasonably certain to exercise its option to purchase the underlying asset, the lease no longer meets the definition of a short-term lease and the Reserve Bank lessee shall apply the lease accounting guidance in this section of FAM as if the date of the change in circumstances is the commencement date. Subsequent Measurement and Recognition for Finance Leases After the commencement date for a finance lease, the Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the lease liability by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made during the period. The Reserve Bank lessee shall determine the interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term as the amount that produces a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance of the liability, taking into consideration any reassessment requirements. The Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses, taking into consideration any reassessment requirements. After the commencement date, the Reserve Bank lessee shall recognize in the Statement of Operations the amortization of the right-of-use asset and interest on the lease liability, variable lease payments not included in the lease liability in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred, and any impairment of the right-of-use asset. Subsequent Measurement and Recognition for Operating Leases After the commencement date, for an operating lease, a Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments not yet paid discounted using the discount rate for the lease established at the commencement date (unless the rate has been updated due to a required remeasurement after the commencement date in which case that updated rate shall be used). The Reserve Bank lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted for prepaid or accrued lease payments, remaining balance of any lease incentives received, which is the amount of the gross lease incentives received net of amounts recognized previously as part of the single lease cost, unamortized initial direct costs, and impairment of the right-of-use asset. After the commencement date, the Reserve Bank lessee shall recognize in the Statement of Operations a single lease cost, calculated so that the remaining cost of the lease is amortized over the remaining lease term on a straight-line basis, variable lease payments not included in the lease liability in the period in which