to voluntarily and irrevocably choose, at specified election dates, to measure many financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. The election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, all subsequent changes in fair value for that instrument must be reported in earnings. Under FASB ASC Topic 825-10 measuring financial assets and liabilities at fair value is permissible for those assets and liabilities that would otherwise be classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Electing the fair value option might be appropriate to prevent valuing related assets and liabilities differently. For example, a financial asset and its related derivative, such as a hedging transaction, might be valued differently under FASB ASC Topic 320-10 whereas FASB ASC Topic 825-10 would permit valuing both using fair value. This might reduce volatility in reporting earnings and better reflect the overall economics of the transactions. Another example might be one in which a specific financial liability will be settled from the proceeds of a portfolio of assets; in this case it would be desirable to measure the related assets and liabilities on a similar basis. The fair value option can be elected for the following items: Loan and mortgage receivables Debt and equity investments (available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities) Equity method investments including joint ventures Loans payable Debt payable Guarantees 14 Firm commitments that do not qualify as derivatives but involve only financial instruments (e.g., a forward purchase contract for a loan that is not readily convertible to cash. That commitment involves only financial instruments—a loan and cash—and would not otherwise be recognized because it is not a derivative instrument.) Written loan commitments that do not qualify as derivatives The rights and obligations under an insurance contract or a warranty to provide goods or services rather than a cash settlement but whose terms permit the insurer or warrantor to settle by paying a third party to provide those goods or services A host financial instrument resulting from the separation of an embedded non-financial derivative instrument from a non-financial hybrid instrument. An example of such a non-financial hybrid instrument is an instrument in which the value of the bifurcated embedded derivative is payable in cash, services, or merchandise but the debt host is payable only in cash. The fair value option cannot be elected for the following items: Deposit liabilities, withdrawable on demand An investment in a consolidated entity (a subsidiary or a Variable Interest Entity) Net funding position (liabilities or assets) for pension benefits and other post-employment benefits plans Obligations or assets for employee stock option and stock purchase plans and other forms of deferred compensation arrangements Lease assets or liabilities Financial instruments that are, in whole or in part, classified by the issuer as a component of shareholder's equity Investment Companies—For consolidated SPEs that qualify as investment companies under the criteria of the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide Investment Companies, (Investment Companies Guide), fair value measurement of financial assets is required. If an SPE qualifies as an investment company, then the consolidated financial assets reported by the Bank do not need to be evaluated for classification under FASB ASC Topic 320-10, and no election under FASB ASC Topic 825-10 is necessary. An evaluation of financial liabilities, however, should still be performed to determine if an election under FASB ASC Topic 825-10 is appropriate. 83.03 Fair Value Measurements For financial assets (or liabilities) to be reported at fair value, the methods for determining the value prescribed in FASB ASC Topic 820-10 should be used. FASB ASC Topic 820-10 defines fair value as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date." The best evidence of fair value is the quoted market price in an active market. In the absence of a quoted market price, the bank should estimate fair value using methods applied consistently and determined in good faith. For example, the fair value of a lease at commencement would be its cost, including any acquisition costs, such as sales taxes and delivery charges. However, if a significant lapse of time occurs between the acquisition of the underlying asset (the lease) and lease commencement, lessors would be required to determine fair value in accordance with ASC 820. FASB ASC Topic 810-10 establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (a) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs) and (b) the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). Valuation techniques used to measure fair value should maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Market participant assumptions should include assumptions about the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset if market participants would consider the effect of the restriction in pricing the asset. 83.04 Securities Impairments For securities classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity under FASB ASC Topic 320-10, the Bank must evaluate the securities for impairment, as outlined in FASB ASC Topic 326. For trading securities or securities accounted for at fair value under FASB ASC Topic 825-10, unrealized holding losses are included in earnings and, therefore, it is not necessary to evaluate such securities for impairment. For held-to-maturity securities, an approach to testing impairment should follow guidance in FASB Topic ASC 326-20, an approach which is outlined within paragraph 81.03 for financial assets measured at amortized cost. FASB ASC Topic 326-30 describes the process for recognizing impairment of securities classified as available-for-sale. The model for recognizing impairment is a departure from that outlined for held-to-maturity securities because an entity may realize the value of the securities either through (1) collection of the contractual cash flows by holding the securities, or (2) through the sale of the securities. When evaluating available-for-sale securities for possible impairment, the Reserve Bank should consider the following questions: Question 1: