available inputs, including estimated selling costs if those costs are expected to reduce the cash flows available to repay or otherwise satisfy the loan, should be considered in developing the estimate of expected future cash flows. The weight given to the inputs should be commensurate with the extent to which the factors can be verified objectively. If the Bank estimates a range for either the amount or timing of possible cash flows, the likelihood of the possible outcomes shall be considered in determining the best estimate of expected future cash flows. Other considerations may exist such as loan-specific credit protection in the form of a guarantee or credit insurance feature. 1 In the case of a non-derivative credit enhancement that is separable from the loan such that its benefits do not follow with or are extinguished with the loan, any expected recoveries from credit enhancements cannot be used to offset the recorded amount of the allowance for credit loss for the impaired loan. If the credit enhancement is attached to the loan, such that it always follows the loan upon its sale, the proceeds of such enhancements may be considered in the loss estimation. The Bank should consider potential recovery from third-party guarantors such as FDIC, other government agencies, or bond insurance. Additional recourse to consider is the ability to debit the borrower's account with the Federal Reserve. The Bank should consider all the cash flows associated with the loan and its specific credit protections when measuring the incurred loss in impaired loans and in determining the adequacy of the loss. In addition, the basis for the cash flow estimates must be documented and subject to appropriate review procedures. 2. Collateral-Dependent Measurement Approach (as a practical expedient) The Bank can also measure the impairment of a loan by reference to the fair value of the collateral if the loan is nonrecourse, for example, if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral. 2 In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 326-20, the collateral-dependent measurement approach must be applied when default is probable. Furthermore, this method may be elected as a practical expedient when default is not probable but (1) repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, and (2) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on the entity's assessment as of the reporting date. The estimated costs to sell, on a discounted basis, should be considered in the measure of impairment if those costs are expected to reduce the cash flows available to repay or otherwise satisfy the loan. Selling costs should be adequately documented and supported. 3. Probability of Default Method For pool loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics and other loans not individually identified as impaired, a primary determination of the loss accrual under a lender's policy is often the historical loss experience ratio adjusted for current trends and conditions. The Bank can use available historical information adjusted for differences in current asset specific risks, such as portfolio mix or asset term, and also both the current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable future forecasts of economic conditions to develop a range of expected losses. Expected loss is the estimate of the current amount of loans for which the Bank will be unable to collect over the life of the loan given facts and circumstances as of the evaluation date. Based on historical experience and adjusted for asset specific risks, current economic conditions, and reasonable supportable future forecasts, evaluate the degree of likelihood that the borrowers will not pay, the amount of funds lost when the borrowers default, and the total amount the Bank may lose, or the Bank's financial exposure to at the time of default. Loss information should be applied to pools that are defined in a manner that is consistent with the pools for which the historical credit loss experience was observed. Note, if a reasonable and supportable forecast for future economic conditions is unable to be estimated, no economic adjustment should be made for those periods The calculation is based on a formula commonly used in practice to develop a credit loss allowance: $Expected Loss = PD% * LGD% * $EAD 3 PD—Probability of default 4 LGD—Loss given default EAD—Exposure at default 5 As a general practice, PD is based on the borrower's risk rating or credit rating and LGD/EAD is based on the underlying collateral and other recourse for each individual loan. The specific approach should be suitably developed for each program given the nature of underlying portfolio and data availability as discussed below. The loans extended by the Banks under each facility are collateralized. They differ, however, in that some loans are with recourse while others are extended on a nonrecourse basis to the borrowers. As a result, the loss calculation for each differs. For example, For nonrecourse loans, this calculation should be based on the underlying collateral of the individual loan rather than the loan counterparty, because the pledged collateral is the only source of recovery in the event of the borrower's default on the loan. For recourse loans, this calculation should be based on the credit quality of the loan counterparty as well as the underlying collateral, because the Bank can recover by liquidating the underlying collateral as well as from the borrower itself. For some loan programs, there may be insufficient historical loss experience to use to estimate the PD and LGD. Alternatives methods include default and recovery rates based on historical studies of similar loans, as applicable; and default and recovery rates based on structured finance rating or corporate default study (e.g., S&P, Moody's) The Bank should also consider factors that might cause the loss experience for the current loan portfolio to differ from historical experience or from a comparison to other default and recovery rates, such as current market conditions, credit concentration, extraordinary portfolio characteristics, other environmental factors, asset-specific risk characteristics, and expectations of future market conditions. Subsequent Measurement Subsequent to the initial