borrowing. Holdings should be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 20.15 Collateral for Overdrafts (Definitive and Book Entry) Reserve Banks may, in certain situations, require a depository institution to pledge collateral in the event the institution's deposit account becomes overdrawn during the day or is overdrawn at the close of the business day. Any such collateral pledged for overdrafts is to be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 20.20 Accountability to Treasury for U.S. Government Securities: Marketable Securities (Definitive Only) Reserve Banks no longer process these items. Items sent to Reserve Banks in error should be forwarded to Treasury's Bureau of Public Debt and reported as Collateral and Custody Items in Process (see paragraph 21.50 ) until shipped to the Bureau of Public Debt. 20.40 Accountability to Treasury for U.S. Government Securities: Non-marketable Securities (Definitive Only) Savings Bonds Unissued On Hand —Report the face value of savings bonds (all series), retirement plan bonds, and individual retirement plan bonds that fall into the following categories: Unissued stock; spoiled bonds; issued bonds not reported to Treasury (for example, sales and issues on reissue such as bonds issued for claims to replace valid issued bonds that were lost, stolen, or destroyed); unissued stock claims (bonds lost, stolen, or destroyed before being issued); canceled sales for which the original bond is not in-house; in-transit shipments of unissued stock to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia; and bond shipments awaiting delivery to issuing agents. Only the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis should report this account. 20.45 Accountability to Treasury for U.S. Government Securities—On Consignment: Non-marketable Securities (Definitive Only) Savings Bonds on Consignment with Issuing Agents —Report the face value of savings bonds (all series), retirement plan bonds, and individual retirement plan bonds consigned to all issuing agents. Bonds that are lost, stolen, or destroyed should be included until Treasury has notified the Reserve Bank that credit is allowed. Only the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis should report this account. 20.50 Savings Bonds Issued—Book Entry This account includes book-entry savings bonds held in safekeeping for trustees of qualified employees' savings and thrift plans. Only the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis should report this account. 20.55 Accountability for Other Securities (Definitive Only) This account should be reported by the FRBNY only. U.S. Government Agencies —This account includes the total accountability for bearer and registered (designated and undesignated) securities of U.S. Government agencies. Unissued —Report the par value of the general and reserve stock of bearer and registered (designated and undesignated) U.S. Government agency securities, including spoiled and mutilated securities. Retired —Report the par value of all bearer and registered U.S. Government agency securities retired before maturity as a result of processing servicing transactions; such as, interdistrict transfers, conversions to book-entry, denominational exchanges, and registered exchanges for bearer. Canceled Redeemed —Report the par value of all matured bearer and registered U.S. Government agency securities for which the depositors have been paid. 20.70 Accountability for Other Securities (Definitive Only) International Organizations —This account includes the total accountability for bearer and registered (designated and undesignated) securities issued by international organizations; such as, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. This account should be reported by the FRBNY only. Unissued —Report the par value of the general and reserve stock of bearer and registered (designated and undesignated) securities unissued by international organizations, including spoiled and mutilated securities. Retired —Report the par value of all bearer and registered securities issued by international organizations that have been retired before maturity as a result of processing servicing transactions; such as, denominational exchanges and transfers of ownership. Canceled Redeemed —Report the par value of all matured bearer and registered securities issued by international organizations for which the depositor has been paid and the issuer has been charged. 20.80 Other Custodies Held as Fiscal Agent of the Treasury This account includes gold held for the Exchange Stabilization Fund and any other holdings of gold as agent of the Treasury, as shown below. Custodies besides gold include collateral acquired under the loan guarantee program pursuant to the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended. "Special custody account: Other" ordinarily will be used only by the FRBNY under specific instructions. Gold–Held in own vaults Gold–Held by other Federal Reserve Banks Other Gold that a Reserve Bank owns should be reported in Currency and Coin Exhibits. (Account 170-375, see paragraph 4.70 .) 20.85 Custodies Held for Commodity Credit Corporation This includes all custodies held for the Corporation. Where Branches do not act as custodians for the Commodity Credit Corporation but hold such custodies for the account of the head office, the Branches should show them as "Custodies held for other offices in own District." The head office would report the custodies according to the proper classification. 20.90 Custodies Held for Treasury Custodies held for the Treasury are subdivided according to the captions below. Under the special gold custody account for display purposes, there should be reported gold coins and gold certificates held as specimen under special authority from Treasury. Special gold custody account: For display purposes gold certificates Other gold bars 20.95 Custodies Held for Other Government Departments, Agencies, and Officials (Definitive and Book Entry) This account includes custodies held for the Directors and Commissioner of Internal Revenue; Judges and Clerks, U.S. District Courts (includes CRIS holdings); Public Housing Administration; General Services Administration; Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; Secretary of the Treasury; Treasury (as security for Government deposits in other than Treasury Tax and Loan Account); State Treasuries; and others. Holdings should be subdivided and reported as described in paragraph 20.04 . 21.05 Custodies Held for Other Offices in Own District (Definitive Only) Custodies held by head office for Branches and by Branches for head office and other Branches are reported in this account. No amount will appear opposite this caption on the combined form FR 34, inasmuch as it would represent a duplication of amounts reported elsewhere under the appropriate classification by the office for whose account the