independent useful life, depreciation is recognized over the service life of the improvement. The revised depreciation charges should begin in the first month following final payment or when the asset is placed in service, whichever occurs first. Specialized improvements are separately identifiable building improvements or renovations that usually have a distinct useful life and may not meet the improvement criteria above, but are significant changes to the original asset. 4 For specialized improvements, any remaining costs of the original improved or replaced asset cannot be separately identified from the cost of the original building asset; therefore, it cannot be written-off or the useful life cannot be accelerated. Any loss associated with the impairment of a specialized improvement is charged to expense. When conducting floor renovations, Reserve Banks should look to their historical renovation trends to determine if the renovation should be capitalized and given a distinct useful life. For example, if the Reserve Bank has a history of renovating floors every ten years, a useful life of ten years would most likely be assigned to a current renovation. However, if floor renovations are rare, or no particular trend emerges in the frequency of the renovation, a Reserve Bank may consider assigning the remaining useful life of the building as the useful life of its current renovation. Improvements that replace assets with a separately distinguishable book value should be treated as a replacement (see replacement requirements below). See paragraphs 30.85–30.87 for the appropriate treatment of leasehold and tenant improvements. The accounting for costs associated with improvements made to computer equipment should be capitalized if the improvement meets the $10,000 capitalization threshold of individual assets and the improvements are tangible. To illustrate, assume that a two-year old computer is initially purchased for $l,000,000 and the expected useful life is set at six years. At the end of four years, an improvement is made for $300,000 which is considered tangible and is expected to extend the useful life two years beyond the original useful life period (four years from the time of the improvement) and increase the salvage value $30,000. Initially, the computer was being depreciated at $150,000 per year to a salvage value of $100,000. After the improvement, it would be depreciated at $142,500 per year to a salvage value of $130,000. An equipment improvement that can function independent of the underlying asset (for example, a storage array added to a server that can be moved to another server if needed) should be capitalized as a separate asset with a unique useful life. If the improvement cannot function independent of the underlying asset, the costs associated with the improvement should be depreciated over the remaining useful life of the original underlying asset. Replacements: A replacement is a substitution of an existing asset by a new asset. Replacements should be capitalized if they meet one of the criteria discussed above. Replacements should be accounted for under the substitution approach which requires removing the cost of the existing asset and its accumulated depreciation from the books and charging current expense for the difference. The new asset should be depreciated over its own useful life. 30.71 Capitalization Thresholds For an outlay to be capitalized, it should be material in value. For purposes of recognizing long-term physical assets, materiality is defined as equal to or greater than established capitalization thresholds. Table 30.72 provides the capitalization thresholds for the types of assets described in this chapter. The thresholds stated in the table represent the lower limit above which these transactions must be capitalized. A Reserve Bank has the option to implement more stringent (lower) thresholds if it deems such a policy preferable. If a more stringent threshold is used, the Reserve Bank must consistently apply the threshold throughout the District (i.e., the head office and Branches must all use the same capitalization thresholds for all asset classes.) Such policy must be documented and provided as information to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. 30.72 Capitalization Thresholds Table Capitalization Thresholds Asset Classification Capitalization Thresholds (Individual Assets) Land All acquisitions Land Improvements $100,000 Building and Improvements $100,000 Equipment, Artwork, and Improvements $10,000 Furniture, Furnishings, and Fixtures $10,000 Externally Purchased Software $25,000 Internally Developed or Significantly Modified Software $100,000 Implementation Costs for Cloud Computing Arrangement that does not contain a software license $100,000 Leasehold Improvements $25,000 Tenant Improvements $25,000 30.75 Depreciation Depreciation is defined as the accounting process of allocating the cost of tangible assets to current expense in a systematic and rational manner in those periods expected to benefit from the use of the asset. Depreciation is an occupancy or usage cost and therefore, should begin the month following the date equipment is placed into production. When constructing a building, if it is occupied prior to closing the Construction account, depreciation should be estimated as closely as possible and applied to current expense effective in the month following when at least 50 percent of the Reserve Bank's staff is operating from the new quarters. Any adjustments for over or under estimates of depreciation, as may be determined when the Construction account is closed and final figures for Building and Equipment are capitalized, should be adjusted to current expense in the current month. For all fixed assets (except software) reported on the balance sheet, depreciation starts the month following when the fixed asset is placed into service. Depreciation is recorded by debiting current expense and crediting the related allowance for depreciation on the balance sheet. Thus, the amount of accumulated depreciation reported on the balance sheet represents the sum of the individual depreciation charges for each asset that have been recorded in the subsidiary accounts of the Bank. Assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis. The depreciable basis of an asset is its acquisition cost less its estimated salvage value. The formula for calculating the straight-line method of depreciation is as follows: Cost less Salvage Value/Estimated Useful Life (in months) = Monthly Depreciation Charge Depreciation should continue until the asset is fully depreciated or disposed. At the end