Under the law providing for U.S. participation in the SDR system, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue SDR certificates (broadly comparable with gold certificates) to the Federal Reserve Banks. The Banks are required to purchase them for the purpose of financing SDR acquisitions or for financing exchange stabilization operations. The Treasury, when it wishes to monetize a specific amount of SDRs, authorizes and requests the FRBNY to credit a special account of the Secretary of the Treasury with the total amount of such monetization and to debit the Bank's SDR certificate account by a corresponding amount. The Board participates the SDR certificate transactions among all 12 Federal Reserve Banks in proportion to Federal Reserve notes outstanding in each District at the end of the preceding year. Each of the other Federal Reserve Banks pays for its share of the SDR certificates through its Interdistrict Settlement account. Each of the eleven Banks, therefore, has an increase in one asset (SDR certificates) offset by a decline in another balance sheet asset. The FRBNY has an increase in its deposit liabilities (special account of the Secretary of the Treasury) matched by increases in two assets (SDR certificates—to the extent of its share in overall distribution effected by the Board—and Interdistrict Settlement account). In addition, pursuant to an agreement between the Federal Reserve and Treasury made in the 1960s, whenever the SDR account reaches a level of surplus, Treasury authorizes and requests the demonetization of SDRs. When this occurs, the FRBNY debits the special account of the Secretary of the Treasury with the total amount of such demonetization and credits the Bank's SDR account by a corresponding amount. As in a monetization, the Board participates these balances among all 12 Federal Reserve Banks. The FRBNY maintains an account for each Reserve Bank entitled "Special Drawing Rights certificate account." Amounts deposited with the FRBNY are distributed on the day of deposit rounded to the nearest million, and payment is made by direct entry to each Bank's Interdistrict Settlement account; i.e., the FRBNY's account is increased and accounts of other Reserve Banks are decreased. Entries in the opposite direction are made when Treasury reduces the total. Each Bank pledges the full amount in the SDR certificate account as collateral for Federal Reserve notes under a continuing pledge agreement. 2.30 Coin (130-025) This account represents all United States coin held by the Reserve Banks except gold coin and coin in exhibits. For shipments of coin between Districts in which the shipment is not received on the same day the coin is shipped, the receiving District should establish a sub-account, defined as an in transit coin account, and follow the same accounting explained in paragraph 50.40 for shipments of notes between Districts. 2.40 Loans (140-025, 140-050, 140-055, and 140-057) Extensions of credit by Federal Reserve Banks are governed by Regulation A and Operating Circular 10 of each Bank. Loans to depository institutions are carried at face amount in a single account on the balance sheet. The interest is accrued on a daily basis and collected at maturity. Loans to depository institutions are pledged by each Reserve Bank as collateral for Federal Reserve notes. Loans should be evaluated for collectability on a quarterly basis and the results of the evaluation should be provided to the RBOPS Financial Accounting Policy and Reporting Section. (See paragraph 81.07 for further details.) Accounts 140-050 and 140-055 are used for recording loans to others, the authority for which is covered in paragraphs 3 and 13 of Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act . Account 140-050 includes activity from TALF II LLC (TALF II), the Main Street Lending Program facilities, Municipal Liquidity Facility (MLF), and Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP). Specifically, account 140-055 includes amounts extended to borrowers under the Paycheck Protection Program Lending Facility (PPPLF). See Chapter 7 for more details on these facilities. 140-025 Loans to depository institutions 140-050 Loans to others 140-055 Loans to others—PPPLF 140-057 Loans to others—BTFP 2.70 Acceptances: Bought Outright (140-070) The FRBNY, in carrying out the domestic policy directive adopted by the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), may be authorized to hold acceptances. Acceptances arise out of the shipment of goods between countries or within the United States or from the storage of goods within the United States pending marketing. All holdings of acceptances are retained on the FRBNY's balance sheet and are not participated to other Reserve Banks. When acceptances are purchased or sold, the net amount of the transaction is paid to or collected by the FRBNY from the dealer. Only the par value of this transaction is entered to this account. Other accounts that may be affected are interest accrued, premium on securities, discount on securities and, in the case of sales, profit and loss. The FRBNY has not engaged in transactions involving acceptances for several years. 2.75 Securities Held Under Repurchase Agreements (140-075) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to acquire Treasury, federal agency and government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) debt securities, and federal agency and GSE residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) as well as commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) under agreement with a dealer to repurchase the securities at an established point in time (securities purchased under agreements to resell). (See paragraph 40.15 .) The amounts recorded to this account represent the contractual amount of the securities held under repurchase agreements, but does not include related amounts, such as accrued interest. On the day of settlement, the FRBNY participates a share of the transaction to each Reserve Bank. Related interest income and gains and losses are participated to each Bank at the current domestic allocation rate. (See paragraph 40.70 for the participation methodology.) 2.80 Federal Agency Obligations: Bought Outright and Held Under Repurchase Agreement (140-100 and 140-125) The FRBNY is authorized by the FOMC to purchase and sell federal agency obligations for the System Open Market Account (SOMA). This account includes federal agency and GSE securities. The securities are bought from or sold to securities dealers and foreign and international accounts maintained