may be necessary to facilitate the export of goods, wares, or merchandise from the United States or any of its dependencies or insular possessions to any foreign country: Provided, however, That in no event shall the total investments authorized by this section by any one national bank exceed 10 per centum of its capital and surplus. [12 USC 601. As added by act of Sept. 17, 1919 (41 Stat. 285). This paragraph, by its terms, is now obsolete.] 3. Application for permission to exercise powers Such application shall specify the name and capital of the banking association filing it, the powers applied for, and the place or places where the banking or financial operations proposed are to be carried on. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall have power to approve or to reject such application in whole or in part if for any reason the granting of such application is deemed inexpedient, and shall also have power from time to time to increase or decrease the number of places where such banking operations may be carried on. [12 USC 601. As amended by act of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 755), which completely revised this section; and by act of Sept. 17, 1919 (41 Stat. 286).] 4. Examinations and reports of condition Every national banking association operating foreign branches shall be required to furnish information concerning the conditions of such branches to the Comptroller of the Currency upon demand, and every member bank investing in the capital stock of banks or corporations described above shall be required to furnish information concerning the condition of such banks or corporations to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System upon demand, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may order special examinations of the said branches, banks, or corporations at such time or times as it may deem best. [12 USC 602. As amended by act of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 755), which completely revised this section; and by act of Sept. 17, 1919 (41 Stat. 286).] 5. Agreements to restrict operations Before any national bank shall be permitted to purchase stock in any such corporation the said corporation shall enter into an agreement or undertaking with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to restrict its operations or conduct its business in such manner or under such limitations and restrictions as the said board may prescribe for the place or places wherein such business is to be conducted. If at any time the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall ascertain that the regulations prescribed by it are not being complied with, said board is hereby authorized and empowered to institute an investigation of the matter and to send for persons and papers, subpoena witnesses, and administer oaths in order to satisfy itself as to the actual nature of the transactions referred to. Should such investigation result in establishing the failure of the corporation in question, or of the national bank or banks which may be stockholders therein, to comply with the regulations laid down by the said Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, such national banks may be required to dispose of stock holdings in the said corporation upon reasonable notice. [12 USC 603. Added by act of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 755), which completely revised this section.] 6. Accounts of foreign branches Every national banking association operating foreign branches shall conduct the accounts of each foreign branch independently of the accounts of other foreign branches established by it and of its home office, and shall at the end of each fiscal period transfer to its general ledger the profit or loss accrued at each branch as a separate item. [12 USC 604. As added by act of Dec. 23, 1913 (38 Stat. 273); and amended by act of Sept. 7, 1916 (39 Stat. 756).] 7. Additional banking powers authorized Regulations issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under this section, in addition to regulating powers which a foreign branch may exercise under other provisions of law, may authorize such a foreign branch, subject to such conditions and requirements as such regulations may prescribe, to exercise such further powers as may be usual in connection with the transaction of the business of banking in the places where such foreign branch shall transact business. Such regulations shall not authorize a foreign branch to engage in the general business of producing, distributing, buying or selling goods, wares, or merchandise; nor, except to such limited extent as the Board may deem to be necessary with respect to securities issued by any "foreign state" as defined in section 25(b) of this Act, shall such regulations authorize a foreign branch to engage or participate, directly or indirectly, in the business of underwriting, selling, or distributing securities. [12 USC 604a. As added by act of Aug. 15, 1962 (76 Stat. 388).] Back to Top Last Update: February 14, 2017