its affiliates other than member banks and furnish to the Federal reserve bank of its district and to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System not less than three reports during each year. Such reports shall be in such form as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe, shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the president or such other officer as may be designated by the board of directors of such affiliate to verify such reports, and shall disclose the information hereinafter provided for as of dates identical with those fixed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for reports of the condition of the affiliated member bank. Each such report of an affiliate shall be transmitted as herein provided at the same time as the corresponding report of the affiliated member bank, except that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may, in its discretion, extend such time for good cause shown. Each such report shall contain such information as in the judgment of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such affiliate and such bank and to enable the Board to inform itself as to the effect of such relations upon the affairs of such bank. The reports of such affiliates shall be published by the bank under the same conditions as govern its own condition reports. [12 USC 334. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 165). As to reports of affiliates of national banks, see section 5211, Revised Statutes (12 USC 161).] 18. Additional reports of affiliates Any such affiliated member bank may be required to obtain from any such affiliate such additional reports as in the opinion of its Federal reserve bank or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may be necessary in order to obtain a full and complete knowledge of the condition of the affiliated member bank. Such additional reports shall be transmitted to the Federal reserve bank and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and shall be in such form as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe. [12 USC 334. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 165).] 19. Failure to obtain reports of affiliates Any such affiliated member bank which fails to obtain from any of its affiliates and furnish any report provided for by the two preceding paragraphs of this section shall be subject to a penalty of $100 for each day during which such failure continues, which, by direction of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, may be collected, by suit or otherwise, by the Federal reserve bank of the district in which such member bank is located. [12 USC 334. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 165) and amended by act of July 1, 1966 (80 Stat. 243). For definition of "affiliate" see section 2 of the Banking Act of 1933, approved June 16, 1933.] 20. Dealings in investment securities and stock State member banks shall be subject to the same limitations and conditions with respect to the purchasing, selling, underwriting, and holding of investment securities and stock as are applicable in the case of national banks under paragraph "Seventh" of section 5136 of the Revised Statutes, as amended. This paragraph shall not apply to any interest held by a State member bank in accordance with section 5136A of the Revised Statutes of the United States and subject to the same conditions and limitations provided in such section. [12 USC 335. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 165) and amended by act of Nov. 12, 1999 (113 Stat. 1381).] 21. Stock representing stock of other corporations After the date of the enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, no certificate evidencing the stock of any State member bank shall bear any statement purporting to represent the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such member bank, nor shall the ownership, sale, or transfer of any certificate representing the stock of any State member bank be conditioned in any manner whatsoever upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such member bank: Provided, That this section shall not operate to prevent the ownership, sale, or transfer of stock of any other corporation being conditioned upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing stock of a State member bank. [12 USC 336. As added by act of June 16, 1933 (48 Stat. 165); and amended by act of Aug. 23, 1935 (49 Stat. 710). The Banking Act of 1935, referred to in this paragraph, was approved Aug. 23, 1935. For similar provision applicable to stock of national banks, see section 5139, Revised Statutes (12 USC 52).] 22. Examinations of affiliates In connection with examinations of State member banks, examiners selected or approved by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such banks as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such banks and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon the affairs of such banks. The expense of examination of affiliates of any State member bank may, in the discretion of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, be assessed against such bank and, when so assessed, shall be paid by such bank. In the event of the refusal to give any information requested in the course of the examination of any such affiliate, or in the event of the refusal to permit such examination, or in the event of the refusal to pay