parent's plan covers employees of the subsidiary, the subsidiary should account for its participation in its standalone financial statements as a participation in a multi-employer plan if all criteria are met: Each subsidiary is required to contribute to the plan based on a predetermined formula. 5 Plan assets are not segregated or restricted on a subsidiary-by-subsidiary basis. If a subsidiary withdraws from the plan, the benefit obligations for its employees are retained by the parent's plan (as opposed to being allocated to the withdrawing subsidiary). The participating subsidiary would not recognize an allocation of the plan's funded status (only the plan sponsor should recognize the plan's funded status on its balance sheet). If a subsidiary doesn't meet the above criteria, it should not follow multi-employer plan accounting. The parent (or the ultimate plan sponsor) should account for the plan as a single-employer defined benefit plan in its consolidated financial statements per ASC 715-30-55-64. In applying this guidance, the subsidiaries would be the 11 Reserve Banks who are not reporting the funded status, while the Reserve Bank who does report the funded status would be considered the parent or the ultimate plan sponsor. While there is no ‘parent' or ‘subsidiary' entity within the Federal Reserve System, as noted earlier, the FRBA will now be primarily responsible for development of the OEB's operational strategies, operational performance and delivery, provider of shared services, leadership support, and coordination of benefits governance. These may be thought of as parent responsibilities when it comes to pension accounting. Based on the discussion above, the System Plan should be held with the ‘ultimate plan sponsor,' which in this instance, most resembles the FRBA. Funding System plan employer contributions are currently determined annually at an aggregate level and the employer funding may be allocated among the participating entities on other than a pro rata basis. FRBA makes employer contributions to the System plan on behalf of all Reserve Banks and the Board. Dodd-Frank Act requires that the CFPB contribute funds to the System plan for each CFPB employee participating in the System plan. 6 The contribution formula for CFPB employees electing to participate is based on the Federal Employee Retirement System contribution formula (not on the cost of benefits to be provided to CFPB beneficiaries at retirement). 7 The addition of CFPB employer contributions to the System plan funding will not change the approach to determine overall employer contributions; they will continue to be determined at an aggregate level based on aggregate plan assets and plan obligations. In addition, because the CFPB contribution formula is specifically required by the Dodd-Frank Act and not based on a benefit formula or linked to the participating employee benefits, the amount funded by each employer does not indicate that the assets are severable. The System plan's funded status for each participating employer is not determinable because the plan assets are not severable, and they will not be tracked separately. 8 Conclusion Previously, the FRBNY and effective August 1, 2023, the FRBA accounts for the System Plan in a manner that is consistent with the accounting for a single employer plan. System Plan assets, liabilities, costs and all required footnote disclosures are reflected in its financial statements, and net periodic pension costs are presented as a component of its net income from operations. Each of the other participating employers account for the System Plan in a manner similar to a multiple employer plan; no disclosure of plan assets, liabilities, and costs would be made in the financial statements of the other eleven Banks, and BOG as discussed earlier. Limited disclosure regarding the reporting entity of the System Plan is required. Though the characterization as a single or multiemployer plan affects the accounting and disclosure, there is no requirement to state specifically that a plan is being accounted for as either a single or multiemployer plan. Financial statement disclosures provide users information about the participating employers and the FRBA's role, on behalf of the System, in recognizing the net asset/liability and costs and that the other participating employers do not reimburse the FRBA for the Plan costs. In addition, when they are made, the FRBA discloses the amount of contributions. Footnotes 1. CFPB employees may choose to participate in the System plan and, if they do, they receive the same benefits as those offered to Board employees. Return to text 2. U.S.C. § 5491(a). Return to text 3. U.S.C. § 5584(i)(1)(C)(v). This statement was included in the act for purposes of subsections (b), (c), (m), and (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. § 414). Return to text 4. U.S.C. § 5584(i)(1)(C)(ii). Return to text 5. The Retirement Plan Document Section 27. Contributions by the Employers, the Board and the Bureau states that, "Each Employer…shall contribute to the Trust monthly…, such amounts as are necessary to maintain the Plan…on a sound actuarial basis…" Return to text 6. U.S.C. § 5584(i)(1)(A)(iv). Return to text 7. U.S.C. § 5584(i)(1)(A)(iv). The Dodd-Frank Act also requires that the CFPB contribute funds for employees that have transferred from the Federal Reserve System to the CFPB (12 U.S.C. § 5584(i)(1)(C)(iv)). Also, the Dodd-Frank Act states that the Board can require the CFPB to supplement the contributions that it provides with additional funding. Return to text 8. Any internal estimation of the funded status or funding requirement by participating employer is not considered relevant to the treatment as a single-employer plan. Return to text Back to Top Last Update: June 03, 2025