party, such as an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the imposition of additional taxes due to either a change in the tax law or an adverse interpretation of the tax law. Indirect guarantees of the indebtedness of others. Item 1 above includes most financial standby letters of credit, written put options or market value guarantees on securities (including the common stock of the guaranteed party), and many other financial guarantees. Item 1, however, would not include traditional commercial (non-standby) letters of credit and other loan commitments because they typically do not guarantee payment of an obligation and do not provide for payment in the event of default. Financial standby letters of credit are guarantees because they do not have material adverse change (MAC) clauses or similar provisions that enable the issuing institution (the guarantor) to avoid making a payment. In contrast, many loan commitments contain MAC clauses or other similar provisions that enable the issuing institution to avoid making a loan if the borrower encounters financial difficulties after the commitment is issued. As an example, if a Reserve Bank provided a guarantee to an entity whereby it would provide loans to that entity if certain asset fair values fell below a predetermined level, the arrangement would probably qualify as a guarantee under FASB ASC Topic 460-10. Because the arrangement may meet the characteristics described in Item 1 above, recognition of a liability at the issuance of the guarantee would be required. The contract contingently requires the Reserve Bank (guarantor) to make payments to the guaranteed party (in the form of loans) based on changes in the fair value of certain assets (the underlying). More specifically, the guarantee might qualify under Item 1(a), which refers to a standby letter of letter of credit, or Item 1(b), which refers to a market value guarantee. 84.03 Exclusions from Guarantees The scope provisions of FASB ASC Topic 460-10 are complex because while certain contracts are fully excluded from its scope, others are excluded from the initial recognition and initial measurement provisions, but are subject to the disclosure provisions. The following guarantee contracts are fully excluded from the scope of FASB ASC Topic 460-10: A guarantee or an indemnification that is excluded from the scope of FASB ASC Topic 450-20, including vacation pay, pension costs, deferred compensation contracts, and stock issued to employees. A lessee's residual value guarantee in a capital lease under FASB ASC Topic 460-10. A guarantee (or an indemnification) whose existence prevents the guarantor from being able to either account for a transaction as the sale of an asset that is related to the guarantee's underlying or recognize in earnings the profit from that sale transaction. The following types of guarantees are not subject to FASB ASC Topic 460-10 for initial recognition and initial measurement, but are subject to its disclosure requirements: A guarantee that is accounted for as a derivative instrument at fair value under FASB ASC Topic 815-20. A guarantee for which the underlying is related to the performance (regarding function, not price) of nonfinancial assets that are owned by the guaranteed party (e.g., product warranties). A guarantee issued in a business combination that represents contingent consideration. A guarantee for which the guarantor's obligation would be reported as an equity item (rather than a liability). A guarantee issued either between parents and their subsidiaries or between corporations under common control. A parent's guarantee of its subsidiary's debt to a third party (whether the parent is a corporation or an individual). A subsidiary's guarantee of the debt owed to a third party by either its parent or another subsidiary of that parent. 84.04 Determining When to Recognize a Guarantee FASB ASC Topic 460-10 requires a guarantor to recognize a liability at the inception of the guarantee. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 does not, however, clarify when the inception of a guarantee occurs. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 states that the provisions of the standard apply to guarantee contracts, implying the existence of an enforceable contract. FASB ASC Topic 460-10 states "…entering into a contract or agreement that imposes on the guarantor an ongoing obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of the guarantee warrants immediate recognition of a liability for the obligations under the guarantee, even if it is not probable that the specifying triggering events or conditions will occur." This provision includes the word agreement in the definition of a guarantee, whereas paragraph 3 refers only to contracts. In its entirety, FASB ASC Topic 460-10 anticipates that a contract or agreement is required to create a guarantee. Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No. 6, Elements of Financial Statements (CON 6), paragraph 40 states, "…although most liabilities stem from legally enforceable obligations, some liabilities rest on equitable or constructive obligations. An equitable obligation stems from ethical or moral constraints rather than from rules of common or statute law. A constructive obligation is created, inferred, or construed from the facts in a particular situation rather than contracted by agreement with another entity. Concepts of equitable and constructive obligations must be applied with great care. To interpret them too narrowly will tend to exclude significant actual obligations of an entity, while to interpret them too broadly will effectively nullify the definition by including items that lack an essential characteristic of liabilities." While FASB ASC Topic 460-10 anticipates the existence of a contract or agreement, CON 6 argues that a constructive obligation under a guarantee might exist even without a legally enforceable obligation. The Reserve Banks should evaluate all of the facts and circumstances in evaluating when a guarantee exists. Consider the following in evaluating whether a constructive obligation exists: The party's expressed intent to seek a guarantee from a Reserve Bank is not sufficient evidence of the existence of an obligation because there is no indication of agreement among the parties. The party's actions that may appear to be in anticipation of Reserve Bank actions, absent any other evidence of agreement between the parties, is not sufficient evidence of the existence of