foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank. This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank. Return to table Supplemental information on interest expense on securities sold under agreement to repurchase (reverse repurchase agreements) is as follows: Table 13. Interest expense on securities sold under agreement to repurchase (in millions) Three months ended March 31, 2018 Three months ended March 31, 2017 Interest expense: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 $ 101 $ 246 Foreign official and international accounts 2 813 343 Total interest expense $ 914 $ 589 Average daily balance: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 $ 31,858 $ 175,224 Foreign official and international accounts 2 234,067 250,664 Average interest rate: Primary dealers and expanded counterparties 1 1.27% 0.56% Foreign official and international accounts 2 1.39% 0.55% 1. Overnight and term reverse repurchase agreements arranged as open market operations are settled through a set of expanded counterparties that includes banks, savings associations, GSEs, and domestic money market funds. Return to table 2. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into as part of a service offering to foreign official and international account holders. Return to table (C) Depository Institution Deposits The Reserve Banks pay interest to depository institutions on qualifying balances held at the Reserve Banks. The interest rates paid on required reserve balances and excess balances are determined by the Board of Governors, based on a FOMC-established target range for the federal funds rate. In May 2010, the Reserve Banks commenced the auction of term deposits to be offered through its Term Deposit Facility. The interest rate paid on these deposits is determined by auction. (D) Operating Expenses The Federal Reserve Banks have established procedures for budgetary control and monitoring of operating expenses as part of their efforts to ensure appropriate stewardship and accountability. Reserve Bank and Board governance bodies provide budget guidance for major functional areas for the upcoming budget year. The Board's Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs (BAC) reviews the Banks' budgets and the BAC chair submits the budgets to Board members for review and final action. Throughout the year, Reserve Bank and Board staffs monitor actual performance and compare it with approved budgets and forecasts. Additional information regarding Reserve Bank operating expenses is available each year in the Annual Report of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at www.federalreserve.gov/publications/annual-report.htm , and on the Audit webpage of the Board's public website at www.federalreserve.gov/regreform/audit.htm . Back to Top Last Update: May 17, 2019