note auctioned at the last auction held prior to the payment of such dividend. On the day dividends are credited to the member bank's account at the Reserve Bank (or its correspondent's account at the Reserve Bank), a corresponding summary debit is made to Accrued Dividends Unpaid that will eliminate the previously accrued account balance. Because the dividend rate paid to large member banks at the effective date of the withdrawal or decrease in stock subscriptions will differ from the rate used for daily accruals, an adjustment to the accrual account (240-025) and dividend account (330-175) will be required, equal to the difference between dividends accrued and the amount actually paid. 11.51 Unearned Discount (240-050) This account includes unearned discount on acceptances and, although rare, the discount on any loans under paragraph 3 of Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act . 11.52 Discount on Securities (240-075) Discount on securities represents the amount paid under the face value for securities in the System Open Market Account, excluding foreign denominated investments. The face value is recorded in the asset account for securities. On the date of purchase, the amount of the discount is credited to this account. The cost bases of Treasury securities and GSE debt securities are adjusted for accretion of discounts on an effective interest method. The cost basis of floating rate notes are adjusted for accretion on discounts using the straight-line basis. When securities are sold, any remaining unaccreted discount is debited to this account. The FRBNY posts these entries to each Federal Reserve Bank's account. 11.53 Discounts and Rebates In the course of procuring goods or services, vendors may offer discounts or rebates of varying amounts to the Reserve Banks based on volume of purchases, timing of payments, etc. Where practical, discounts and rebates associated with a particular capital acquisition or expense, should reduce the acquisition cost recognized by the amount; otherwise, discounts and rebates are recognized as a reduction to current expense as a recovery when they are received. 11.55 Sundry Items Payable (240-125) This account covers numerous items to be disbursed at a later date, such as amounts deducted from salaries for federal and state income taxes, United Way Fund, insurance, etc. The account also includes specific items that are due but have not yet been paid, staff salaries accrued at month-end, taxes on real estate, transportation charges, equipment purchases, lease payment obligations under lessee finance and operating leases, tenant security deposits and rent payments, active employee medical liabilities, and interest payable accrued for reverse repurchase agreements. Amounts charged to this account for equipment purchases or services must be for items received or services rendered and for which the Reserve Bank has a firm obligation outstanding. (See paragraph 11.56 .) Obligations under lessee finance and operating leases are recorded at the commencement of the lease. Separate subsidiary accounts should be established to record obligations under lessee finance and operating leases. The account is also used to record the liabilities of the LLCs, consolidated by the FRBNY and the FRBB. 11.56 Accruals of Expenses Under accrual accounting, the financial effects of transactions and other economic events are recorded in the periods in which they have their primary economic effect. Accordingly, accrual accounting recognizes revenues and expenses as they are earned or incurred, not as cash is received or paid. Accruals should be made weekly at a minimum unless otherwise specified. Prior to the end of the reporting period, Reserve Banks should ensure that all accruals are properly reflected in the underlying accounts. Accruals for standard timing lags may be made by using a standard accrual made in the beginning of the year, and then reversed at year-end ("standing accrual"). Accrual of Expenses within the Month—Accrued Expenses Unpaid—Estimated (240-200) Expenses should be accrued weekly for H.4.1. statutory reporting purposes. On each Wednesday, if accruals are made weekly, or on each day, the difference between total estimated net operating expenses and total net operating expenses recorded for the week or day should be debited (or credited) to the Expenses accrued—estimated subaccount included in an operating expense account (330-050) and credited (or debited) to accrued expenses unpaid—estimated (240-200) included in other liabilities. After these entries are made, the balances in these two accounts will represent the difference between estimated net operating expenses for the month-to-date and total net operating expenses for the month-to-date as recorded. On the Form FR 34, the debit balance in the "Expenses accrued-estimated" account should be included in the "Operating expenses" account (330-050) and the credit balance in the "Accrued expenses unpaid—estimated" account (240-200) should be reported under the caption "Other liabilities." If month-to-date net operating expenses recorded exceeds total estimated net operating expenses, resulting in a credit balance in "Expenses accrued-estimated" and a debit balance in "Accrued expenses unpaid-estimated," these two accounts should be adjusted to zero. On the last day of the month, these accounts should be closed against each other. Accrual of Expense/Expenditure at Month-End and Year-End Expenses incurred should be accrued as of the last day of the month and the year. To ensure the proper recognition of expenses and liabilities at month-end and year-end, Reserve Banks are expected to maintain robust accrual processes to identify expenses timely and record them in the proper period. These processes may differ depending on the nature of the transaction as long as they effectively accrue significant expenses. For example, some transactions may be more efficiently accrued on a comprehensive basis than on a transaction basis. Examples of these may include automated accruals associated with purchase orders, purchasing cards, and personnel-related expenses. Other transactions, such as recurring monthly payments for utilities, may be more efficiently recorded on a cash basis if the monthly differences are minor and they are handled consistently month-to-month. Although some transactions, particularly those acquisitions of goods and services outside the purchase order/purchasing card processes, may be difficult to identify, Reserve Banks must maintain an accrual process to consistently identify and accrue significant transactions in the appropriate period. Because of the importance