Why are the Eccles and 1951 Constitution Avenue Buildings historic?
2
The Board takes seriously its responsibility as the custodian of two historic buildings located on Constitution Avenue adjacent to the National Mall, and recognizes that historic preservation is important in our nation's capital city. Both buildings served as the sites of important historic events that included the United States' entry into World War II and the Manhattan Project.
Eccles Building
During World War II, the Board Room in the Eccles Building served as a large and secure meeting place in Washington. The Federal Reserve and the War and Navy Departments worked together to facilitate strategic conferences between the United States and Great Britain as part of the war effort.
The Arcadia Conference
December 1941 to January 1942
Arcadia Conference commemorative plaque
Two weeks after the United States entered World War II, President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Prime Minister Winston Churchill held a series of meetings between December 22, 1941, and January 14, 1942, under the codename, "Arcadia Conference." The first meeting took place on the HMS Duke of York, the British battleship on which Churchill crossed the Atlantic. Succeeding meetings between the Allied forces took place at the White House as well as the Board Room in the Eccles Building.
At the conference, the two leaders agreed on a strategy for winning the war, created the U.S. and British military Combined Chiefs of Staff (a predecessor to the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff), and designated the role of Supreme Allied Commander to oversee each theater of the war. The Declaration by United Nations, which would go on to serve as the basis for forming the modern United Nations, was also developed and signed at the conference meetings.
The Trident Conference
May 1943
Trident Conference commemorative plaque
After more than a year of coordinated operations, President Roosevelt and Prime Minister Churchill held a second conference in Washington, D.C., on May 12-25, 1943. During those two weeks, Roosevelt and Churchill met every other day in the White House, while American and British military commanders met daily in the Board Room of the Eccles Building.
At the Trident Conference, the two nations discussed several strategic issues, including upcoming engagements in the Pacific Theater, an Italian offensive, and plans for the cross-Channel invasion of France. Board and Federal Open Market Committee meetings continued to be held in the Board Room during World War II.
Also discussed at the meetings in the Board Room were general ideas about terms and conditions of financial aid packages for the rebuilding of European nations at the end of the war. General George C. Marshall, a key U.S. official at both conferences, would later be appointed Secretary of State and would go on to develop the Marshall Plan to unify existing aid programs, while increasing U.S. efforts in aiding struggling European economies.
1951 Constitution Avenue
1951 Constitution Avenue, 1937
Constructed during 1931–1933, the 1951 Constitution Avenue Building's rich history reflects its occupancy by various government agencies over the years, including the U.S. Public Health Service, the Combined Chiefs of Staff, the Atomic Energy Commission during World War II, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of the Interior's Bureau of Indian Affairs and Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. First known as the Public Health Service Building, the building's official name has changed over time to reflect its tenant and was known most recently as the Department of the Interior South Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 2007, reflecting its important roots.
After the first formal meeting of the Combined Chiefs of Staff was held in the Eccles Building, a more permanent meeting place was found next door in the Public Health Service Building at 1951 Constitution Avenue. The Combined Chiefs of Staff's new base of operations became official on January 30, 1942, when President Roosevelt announced that the Public Health Service Building was to be renamed the Combined Chiefs of Staff Building.
The building was the site of many important meetings between British and U.S. military commanders planning the Allied war effort. From the Octagon Office and other rooms in 1951 Constitution, the Combined Chiefs of Staff refined the Allied military strategy and approved all significant military decisions for the duration of the conflict.
The building was also the site of planning for the Manhattan Project, the program which developed the first nuclear weapons during WWII. Planning meetings were held in a temporary wooden structure erected atop the two-story center wing of the building, which was sealed and guarded around the clock by sharpshooters.
The Combined Chiefs of Staff disbanded at the end of the war and in 1947, the newly created Atomic Energy Commission moved into the building. The Atomic Energy Commission remained in the building until August 1958, when the National Science Foundation took it over as the center for its program of administering and financing research at colleges and universities across the country. The National Science Foundation was in turn succeeded by the Department of the Interior, whose Bureau of Indian Affairs moved in during April 1965. In 1977, the newly formed Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement moved into the building.
Recognizing the historical significance of these spaces, the Board is undertaking a thoughtful restoration project in both the Board Room in the Eccles Building and the Octagon Room in 1951 Constitution Avenue Building. We have protected the historical map in the Board Room, and have removed the lighting, flooring, and wood panels in both historic spaces for restoration and reinstallation upon completion of the project.
1. 40 U.S.C. 8722(b)(1)
Return to text
2. References:
Maurice Matloff, "The TRIDENT Conference—New Patterns: May 1943," in
United States Army in World War II, The War Department, Strategic Planning for Coalition Warfare, 1943-1944
(Center of Military History, United States Army, Washington, D.C., 1994).
Alex J. Robertson,
The Bleak Midwinter, 1947
(Manchester University Press, 1987). Review by Keith Middlemas,
English Historical Review
105, no. 415 (April 1990): 548–549.
National Register of Historic Places, National Register Database and Research
.
U.S. Department of the Interior,
Welcome to the Neighborhood, Overview of Services Provided at the Steward Lee Udall Main Interior Building and South Interior Building
(Department of Interior, July 27, 2015).
U.S. General Services Administration, "
GSA Transfers Federal Property to the Federal Reserve Board
," press release, July 2, 2018.
U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, Joint History and Research Office webpage
.
World War II Behind Closed Doors
, written by Laurence Rees, aired 2008, on PBS.
Return to text
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 21, 2025