How is the Federal Reserve accountable?
The Board believes it is of the utmost importance to provide transparency for our decisions and to be accountable to the public through the Congress for our work. We take seriously our commitment to transparency. We respect the critical importance of the constitutionally derived congressional oversight of our activities, and we work collaboratively and cooperatively with members of Congress to answer questions and to provide information on a broad range of issues.
Specifically,
Chair Powell has said
:
“With independence comes the responsibility to provide the transparency that enables effective oversight by Congress, which, in turn, supports the Fed's democratic legitimacy. At the Fed, we treat this as an active, not passive, responsibility, and over the past several decades we have steadily broadened our efforts to provide meaningful transparency about the basis for, and consequences of, the decisions we make in service to the American public. We are tightly focused on achieving our statutory mandate and on providing useful and appropriate transparency.”
To that end, the Federal Reserve regularly engages with and is accountable to the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives, specifically the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee and the House Financial Services Committee. We frequently answer questions about our own actions and positions and provide technical assistance at their request for pending legislation.
Additionally, the Federal Reserve Chair
testifies
to each house of Congress twice per year on monetary policy. During two sequential days of hearings, members of the House and Senate have the opportunity to question the Fed Chair on any topic, and then submit questions in writing after the hearings. As part of these hearings, the Federal Reserve
publishes a semiannual
Monetary Policy Report
, detailing recent economic and monetary policy developments.
The Federal Reserve also
publishes a semiannual
Supervision and Regulation
report
, detailing banking system developments, as well as a
semiannual
Financial Stability Report
, similarly detailing recent financial stability developments and trends.
In addition, the Federal Reserve regularly responds to numerous letters and requests on a wide range of issues from those committee members as well as any member of Congress. The Chair and other members of the Board regularly initiate requests for meetings with members of Congress to keep them apprised of relevant issues and actions by the Board.
The Federal Reserve is also overseen by an independent Inspector General (IG), which conducts audits, investigations, and other reviews to assess the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of programs and operations, compliance with laws and regulations, and internal operations. The
independent IG publishes a semiannual report
with its outstanding recommendations related to the Fed’s programs, operations, and compliance with laws and regulations.
The Board is also subject to numerous reviews of its activities by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) each year, with public results, and the Board is responsible to address its efforts related to recommendations in the GAO reports. Additionally, the Board
publishes an
Annual Report
, which is posted on its website and delivered to Congress, detailing the Board’s activities.
To further ensure financial accountability, the Federal Reserve
publishes its balance sheet weekly
. The
financial statements of the Board of Governors and of the Reserve Banks are also published
and audited annually by an independent outside auditor.