<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/centennial/centennial_advisory_council.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Centennial Advisory Council -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-16T21:08:14.335968Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Federal Reserve History
Federal Reserve History
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Inventory Submission FAQ
Federal Reserve Oral History Interviews
Centennial Advisory Council
Centennial Advisory Council
Related
Federal Reserve History
Federal Reserve assembles inventory of historical materials on central banking in the United States
Collections Inventory
(PDF)
Former Federal Reserve Chairmen Paul A. Volcker and Alan Greenspan are serving as honorary co-chairs of a Centennial Advisory Council along with 24 other individuals representing a range of private and public sector organizations. Members of the council include:
Members
Paul A. Volcker
(co-chair), Former Federal Reserve Chairman
Alan Greenspan
(co-chair), Former Federal Reserve Chairman
G. William Beale
, CEO, Union First Market Bankshares Corp., representing the American Bankers Association
Alan Blinder
, Gordon S. Rentschler Memorial Professor of Economics, Princeton University
Michael Bordo
, Professor of Economics and Director of the Center for Monetary and Financial History, Rutgers University
Michael Calhoun
, President, Center for Responsible Lending
Charles Calomiris
, Henry Kaufman Professor of Financial Institutions, Columbia University–Graduate School of Business
E. Gerald Corrigan
, Managing Director, Goldman, Sachs & Co.
David Cowen
, President and CEO, Museum of American Finance
Barry Eichengreen
, George C. Pardee and Helen N. Pardee Professor of Economics and Political Science, University of California, Berkeley
Roger Ferguson, Jr.
, President and CEO, TIAA-CREF
David Ferriero
, Archivist of the United States, The National Archives
Eileen Fitzgerald
, CEO, NeighborWorks America
Jeffrey Gerhart
, Chairman, Bank of Newman Grove, representing Independent Community Bankers of America
Marvin Goodfriend
, Professor of Economics and Chairman of The Gailliot Center for Public Policy, Carnegie Mellon University–Tepper School of Business
James Gutierrez
, Founder, Progreso Financiero
Denis Hughes
, Senior Operating Partner for Government Relations, Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners
George Kaufman
, John F. Smith, Jr. Professor of Finance and Economics and Director of the Center for Financial and Policy Studies, Loyola University Chicago–School of Business Administration
James Leach
, Chairman, National Endowment for the Humanities
Allan Meltzer
, Professor of Political Economy, Carnegie Mellon University–Tepper School of Business
Nan Morrison
, President and CEO, Council for Economic Education
William Poole
, Senior Fellow, Cato Institute
Paul Sarbanes
, Former United States Senator
Richard Sylla
, Henry Kaufman Professor of The History of Financial Institutions and Markets and Professor of Economics, New York University–Leonard N. Stern School of Business
Eugene White
, Professor of Economics, Rutgers University
John Wood
, Reynolds Professor of Economics, Wake Forest University
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    November 21, 2016