<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/contact-us-topics.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Contact -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-09T02:18:19.035747Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Contact
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Board of Governors
Ombuds
Whistleblower Reporting
Careers
Comments on Regulations
Independent Foreclosure Review
Main Telephone/TDD
General Comments for the Chair and the Board of Governors
Publications
Reserve Banks
Tours
Media Inquiries
Inspector General
Freedom of Information (FOIA)
Other Agencies
Privacy Act Statement for Contact Us and CBDC Form
Suspicious E-mails, Phone calls or other Fraudulent Communication
If you have received an email claiming to be from the Federal Reserve, see our
Fraud and Scams page
.
To file a complaint about a suspected fraudulent email, contact the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Internet Crime Complaint Center at
www.ic3.gov
.
Consumer Assistance or Complaints against a bank or other financial institution
Consumers can contact the Federal Reserve to file complaints about financial institutions that the Federal Reserve regulates and get answers to frequently answered questions:
Website:
Federal Reserve Consumer Help (FRCH)
Phone:
888-851-1920 (Phone), 7-1-1 (TTY)
File a Complaint
Damaged or Mutilated Currency
What should I do if I have damaged or mutilated currency?
If you have currency you suspect is counterfeit, contact your
local Secret Service Field Office
For depository institutions:
Contact your local Reserve Bank office
For additional information on Reserve Bank services for depository institutions, please visit
www.frbservices.org
Exchanging Foreign Currency
The Federal Reserve does not provide currency exchange services. Please contact your financial institution for information on how to exchange foreign currency or contact an exchange provider in your area.
Treasury Securities and Savings Bonds
Savings bonds can be purchased and redeemed through the TreasuryDirect program, which is administered by the Department of Treasury. To purchase savings bonds, or for additional information, please contact TreasuryDirect:
Website:
Treasury Direct
Contact Us
Federal Income Taxes and Tax Filing
Consumers can contact the Internal Revenue Service about obtaining forms and the status of their refund.
Website:
https://www.irs.gov/
For individuals: IRS toll-free assistance line at 1-800-829-1040.
For businesses: IRS toll-free assistance line at 1-800-829-4933.
Board of Governors Contact
For all inquiries not addressed on the topic tabs on the left, please write to us:
Contact Us
Main Telephone
For other inquiries, or to speak with an operator: 202-452-3000
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    May 03, 2024