<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/boardmeetings/20200130open.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Notice of Open Board Meeting -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:34:25.866688Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Board Meetings
Board Meeting
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Open Board Meeting on January 30, 2020
Open meeting memoranda
Accessible Keys for Video
[Space Bar]
toggles play/pause;
[Right/Left Arrows]
seeks the video forwards and back (5 sec );
[Up/Down Arrows]
increase/decrease volume;
[M]
toggles mute on/off;
[F]
toggles fullscreen on/off (Except IE 11);
The
[Tab]
key may be used in combination with the
[Enter/Return]
key to navigate and activate control buttons, such as caption on/off.
Volcker Rule
Board Memo (PDF)
Federal Register
notice
Opening Statement by Chair Jerome H. Powell
Statement by Vice Chair for Supervision Randal K. Quarles
Statement by Governor Lael Brainard
Agencies propose changes to modify Volcker rule "covered funds" restrictions
Control Rule
Board memo (PDF)
Federal Register
notice (PDF)
Visual (PDF)
Statement by Governor Lael Brainard
Federal Reserve finalizes rule to simplify and increase the transparency of the Board's rules for determining control of a banking organization
Government in the Sunshine Meeting Notice
Agency:
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
Time, date:
9:30 a.m., Thursday, January 30, 2020
Place:
Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building, 20th and C Streets, N.W., Washington D.C. 20551
Status:
Open
On the day of the meeting, you will be able to view the meeting via webcast from a link available on the Board's public website. You do not need to register to view the webcast of the meeting. A link to the meeting documentation will also be available approximately 20 minutes before the start of the meeting. Both links may be accessed from the Board's public website at
www.federalreserve.gov
If you plan to attend the open meeting in person, we ask that you notify us in advance and provide your name, date of birth, and social security number (SSN) or passport number. You may provide this information by 
                calling 202-452-2474 or you
may register online
. You may pre-register until close of business 
                on Wednesday, January 29, 2020. You also will be asked to provide identifying information, 
                including a photo ID, before being admitted to the Board meeting. The Public Affairs Office must approve the use of cameras; please email
[email protected]
for further information. 
                If you need an accommodation for a disability, please contact Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. For the hearing impaired only, please use the Telecommunication Device for the Deaf (TDD) on 202-263-4869.
Privacy Act Notice:
The information you provide will be used to assist us in prescreening you to ensure the security of the Board's premises and personnel. In order to do this, we may disclose your information consistent with the routine uses listed in the Privacy Act Notice for BGFRS-32, including to appropriate federal, state, local, or foreign agencies where disclosure is reasonably necessary to determine whether you pose a security risk or where the security or confidentiality of your information has been compromised. We are authorized to collect your information by 12 U.S.C §§ 243 and 248, and Executive Order 9397. In accordance with Executive Order 9397, we collect your SSN so that we can keep accurate records, because other people may have the same name and birth date. In addition, we use your SSN when we make requests for information about you from law enforcement and other regulatory agency databases. Furnishing the information requested is voluntary; however, your failure to provide any of the information requested may result in disapproval of your request for access to the Board's premises. You may be subject to a fine or imprisonment under 18 U.S.C § 1001 for any false statements you make in your request to enter the Board's premises.
Matter(s) Considered:
1.
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act (Volcker Rule).
2.
Final Rule to Revise the Board's Control Framework.
Notes:
1. The staff memo to the Board will be made available to attendees on the day of the meeting in paper and the background material will be made available on a compact disc (CD). If you require a paper copy of the entire document, please call Penelope Beattie on 202-452-3982. The documentation will not be available until about 20 minutes before the start of the meeting.
2. This meeting will be recorded for the benefit of those unable to attend.  The webcast recording and a transcript of the meeting will be available after the meeting on the Board's public web site
http://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/boardmeetings/
or if you prefer, a CD recording of the meeting will be available for listening in the Board's Freedom of Information Office, and copies can be ordered for $4 per disc by calling 202-452-3684 or by writing to:
Freedom of Information Office
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Washington, D.C. 20551
For more information please contact:
Michelle Smith, Director, or Dave Skidmore, Assistant to the Board, Office of Board Members at 202-452-2955.
Supplementary Information:
You may access the Board's public website at
www.federalreserve.gov
for an electronic announcement. (The website also includes procedural and other information about the open meeting.)
Dated:
1/23/2020
(signed)
Ann Misback
Secretary of the Board
Last Update:
                January 30, 2020