<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/bios/board/barr.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Michael S. Barr -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-16T21:08:06.118800Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Board Members
Board Members
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Jerome H. Powell, Chair
Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair
Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision
Michael S. Barr
Lisa D. Cook
Adriana D. Kugler
Christopher J. Waller
Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present
Michael S. Barr
Recent Speeches
Booms and Busts and the Regulatory Cycle
Expanding Financial Inclusion
Community Development at the Federal Reserve
Opening Remarks
Opening Remarks
View More
Michael S. Barr took office as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on July 19, 2022, for an unexpired term ending January 31, 2032. Mr. Barr served as the Vice Chair for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from July 19, 2022, to February 28, 2025.
Prior to his appointment to the Board, Mr. Barr was the Joan and Sanford Weill Dean of the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy, the Frank Murphy Collegiate Professor of Public Policy, the Roy F. and Jean Humphrey Proffitt Professor of Law at the University of Michigan Law School, and the founder and faculty director of the University of Michigan's Center on Finance, Law & Policy. At the University of Michigan Law School, Mr. Barr taught financial regulation and international finance and co-founded the International Transactions Clinic and the Detroit Neighborhood Entrepreneurs Project.
Mr. Barr served as the U.S. Department of the Treasury's assistant secretary for financial institutions, 2009-2010. Under President William J. Clinton, he served as the Treasury Secretary's special assistant, as deputy assistant secretary of the Treasury, as special adviser to the President, and as a special adviser and counselor on the policy planning staff at the U.S. Department of State.
Additionally, Mr. Barr served as a law clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Justice David H. Souter during October Term 1993, and previously to the Honorable Pierre N. Leval, then of the Southern District of New York.
Mr. Barr received a BA in history from Yale University, an MPhil in international relations from Oxford University, and a JD from Yale Law School.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    
                                March 01, 2025