<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/bios/board/kugler.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Adriana D. Kugler -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-09T02:18:20.366378Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Board Members
Board Members
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Jerome H. Powell, Chair
Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair
Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision
Michael S. Barr
Lisa D. Cook
Adriana D. Kugler
Christopher J. Waller
Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present
Adriana D. Kugler
Recent Speeches
Welcoming Remarks
The Economic Outlook and Appropriate Monetary Policy
Opening Remarks
Commencement Remarks
Economic Outlook
View More
Dr. Adriana D. Kugler took office as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on September 13, 2023, to fill an unexpired term ending January 31, 2026.
Prior to her appointment at the Board, Dr. Kugler served as the U.S. Executive Director at the World Bank Group. She is on leave from Georgetown University where she is a professor of Public Policy and Economics and was vice provost for faculty.
Previously, she served as chief economist at the U.S. Department of Labor from 2011 to 2013. Dr. Kugler was also a research associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research and of the Center for the Study of Poverty and Inequality at Stanford University.
Dr. Kugler's other professional appointments include being the elected chair of the Business and Economics Statistics Section of the American Statistical Association. She was also a member of the Board on Science, Technology and Economic Policy of the National Academies of Sciences and served on the Technical Advisory Committee of the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Dr. Kugler received a BA in economics and political science from McGill University and a PhD in economics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    
                                October 26, 2023