<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/bios/board/jefferson.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-09T02:18:20.027947Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Board Members
Board Members
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Jerome H. Powell, Chair
Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair
Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision
Michael S. Barr
Lisa D. Cook
Adriana D. Kugler
Christopher J. Waller
Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present
Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair
Recent Speeches
Liquidity Facilities: Purposes and Functions
Economic Outlook
Economic Mobility and the Dual Mandate
U.S. Economic Outlook and Central Bank Communications
Reading between the Lines? Textual Analysis of Central Bank Communications
View More
Philip N. Jefferson took office as the Vice Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on September 13, 2023, for a four-year term. Dr. Jefferson has served as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System since taking office on May 23, 2022, to fill an unexpired term ending January 31, 2036.
Most recently, Dr. Jefferson was vice president for academic affairs and dean of faculty and the Paul B. Freeland Professor of Economics at Davidson College.
Before then, Dr. Jefferson served as chair of the Department of Economics at Swarthmore College, where he was the Centennial Professor of Economics.
Prior to this position, Dr. Jefferson was an economist at the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Dr. Jefferson’s other past roles include being president of the National Economic Association. He also served on the Vassar College Board of Trustees and the Board of Advisors of the Opportunity and Inclusive Growth Institute at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
Dr. Jefferson received a BA in economics from Vassar College and an MA and a PhD in economics from the University of Virginia.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    
                                September 13, 2023