<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/educational-tools/national-high-school-fed-challenge.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - National High School Fed Challenge -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:34:13.742974Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Economic Education
Economic Education
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
National High School Fed Challenge
Resources for High School Fed Challenge
National High School Fed Challenge
The Federal Reserve System High School Fed Challenge offers the opportunity for students to develop skills in teamwork, research, data literacy, and analytical writing. Student teams author economics research and pursue an opportunity to be published in the
Journal of Future Economists
.
What is the High School Fed Challenge?
The High School Fed Challenge is an educational program that aims to encourage students in grades 9-12 to learn more about economics and promote interest in economics as a subject for study and the basis for a career. Previous study of economics is not required – only intellectual curiosity and interest in exploring an economic theme.
The High School Fed Challenge designates the annual competition theme. Entering teams may select any topic that explicitly relates to this theme for academic research, which will be submitted for evaluation to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Federal Reserve personnel select submissions to be published in the
Journal of Future Economists
.
In addition to gaining broader exposure to the field of economics, all entering school teams will receive recognition in the
Journal of Future Economists
.
For schools that have been approved for the New York State Education Department's
Seal of Civic Readiness + 1 Civics Pathway
, the High School Fed Challenge academic competition can be used as a 1-point research project to count towards the Seal of Civic Readiness 6-point requirement.
Schedule
Event
Date
Theme Announcement & Registration Begins
September 10, 2024
Registration Deadline
February 15, 2025
Paper Submission Deadline
March 17, 2025
Notification of Publication Decision
May 15, 2025
What You Need to Know
The High School Fed Challenge academic competition encourages students to work as a team to develop and enhance their skills in critical thinking, creativity, writing, time management, and conducting rigorous research. This experience will prepare students for academic success at the collegiate level and help students build analytical and communications skills for use in their future careers.
Everything you need to know about the program and rules for participation:
2024-2025 Rule Book (PDF)
For more information about the High School Fed Challenge and registration, please visit the
New York Fed's website.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    September 12, 2024