<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/centennial/default.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - Board Members -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:34:16.081648Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Board Members
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Jerome H. Powell, Chair
Philip N. Jefferson, Vice Chair
Michelle W. Bowman, Vice Chair for Supervision
Michael S. Barr
Lisa D. Cook
Adriana D. Kugler
Christopher J. Waller
Board of Governors Members, 1914-Present
The seven members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate. A full term is fourteen years. One term begins every two years, on February 1 of even-numbered years. A member who serves a full term may not be reappointed. A member who completes an unexpired portion of a term may be reappointed. All terms end on their statutory date regardless of the date on which the member is sworn into office.
The Chair and the Vice Chair of the Board, as well as the Vice Chair for Supervision, are nominated by the President from among the members and are confirmed by the Senate. They serve a term of four years. A member's term on the Board is not affected by his or her status as Chair or Vice Chair
Board Member Assignments - Board Committees
Committee on Board Affairs
Vice Chair Jefferson, Chair and Oversight Governor for the Office of the COO
Governor Barr, Member
Governor Kugler, Member
Committee on Consumer and Community Affairs
Governor Barr, Chair and Oversight Governor for DCCA
Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Member
Governor Cook, Member
Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs
Vice Chair Jefferson, Chair and Oversight Governor for R&S, MA, and IF
Governor Waller, Member
Committee on Financial Stability
Governor Cook, Chair and Oversight Governor for FS
Governor Barr, Member
Governor Kugler, Member
Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs
Governor Waller, Chair and Oversight Governor for RBOPS
Governor Cook, Member
Governor Kugler, Member
Committee on Supervision and Regulation
Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Chair and Oversight Governor for S&R
Vice Chair Jefferson, Member
Governor Waller, Member
Subcommittee on Smaller Regional and Community Banking
Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Chair
Governor Cook, Member
Governor Kugler, Member
Committee on Payments, Clearing, and Settlement
Governor Waller, Chair
Vice Chair for Supervision Bowman, Member
Governor Barr, Member
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    June 09, 2025