<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/educational-tools/fed-education.htm -->
<!-- title: Federal Reserve Board - FedEd Federal Reserve Education Outreach -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-16T21:08:12.953438Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Economic Education
Economic Education
Email
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
FedEd Federal Reserve Education Outreach
Mission:
To empower students to take charge of their financial futures, expose young people to exciting careers in economics and finance, and educate students about the role of the Federal Reserve System in the global economy.
Background:
Since FedEd's inauguration in 2011, Research Assistants at the Federal Reserve Board have presented to over forty different schools in the DC Metro area and around the country as well as participated in events held at the Board of Governors. Research Assistants are typically recent college graduates who provide analytical and research support to economists and policy makers at the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
School Presentations:
Research Assistants offer presentations in high school classrooms on topics covering economics, financial literacy, and the role of the Federal Reserve. Presentations may be supplemented with a discussion on careers in economics, our educational and professional experiences as Research Assistants at the Fed, and special topics requested by the class or teacher. Typically, individual presentations are delivered by two Research Assistants during normal working hours for a duration of approximately one hour. When in person, we often visit multiple classes during any one visit to a school. We also welcome the opportunity to deliver a series of lessons to a class over multiple days, weeks, or a semester if a more detailed syllabus in economics or financial literacy is desired.
We are currently offering virtual presentations for schools across the country and in-person presentations for local schools
.
Speaker Series:
The FedEd Speaker Series provides local students with an opportunity to personally meet and hear from a senior-level officer at the Federal Reserve. Events are scheduled on a case-by-case basis.
How to Sign Up:
Sign Up
FedEd is always looking for new ways to work in the community to achieve its mission. If you have any ideas or suggestions please let us know.
Online Materials:
Please visit
https://www.federalreserveeducation.org/
to explore online materials, games and teaching aids made available through our Federal Reserve Bank partners.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    August 24, 2023