<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/educational-tools/hsfc-resources.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - Resources for High School Fed Challenge -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:34:37.217108Z -->

Home
About the Fed
Economic Education
National High School Fed Challenge
Economic Education
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
National High School Fed Challenge
Resources for High School Fed Challenge
Resources for High School Fed Challenge
This is a list of resources for this year's theme, Economics of Food, that teams may find helpful as they research their topic for the High School Fed Challenge. The resources include research and analysis from the Federal Reserve System. Students are not restricted to these resources and may use other reputable or scholarly sources for their work.
2024-2025 Competition Resources: Economics of Food
"The Federal Reserve's monetary policy mandate is twofold: to promote maximum employment and stable prices. To do that, we continuously monitor the health of the U.S. economy in general, and because of its sizable share of overall activity, the agricultural sector in particular."
- Governor Michelle W. Bowman
1
Food is necessary for human survival and health, but also facilitates social connection and cultural expression. It influences a variety of aspects of our lives and similarly impacts the economy in a multitude of ways. The economics of food spans across agricultural, supply chain, labor, income, and other considerations, driving economic activity at global, national, and community levels.
The Federal Reserve conducts research to better understand the food sector in relation to the U.S. economy. We invite High School Fed Challenge teams to submit academically researched podcast scripts on any topic that relates explicitly to this theme.
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
This webpage provides research and working papers from the Board of Governors' economists on food prices and spending.
Federal Reserve Bank of New York: Liberty Street Economics: What Was Up With Grocery Prices?
This research blog discusses the increase of the consumer price index for groceries since the start of the pandemic. It investigates the behavior of raw commodity prices and grocery workers' wages to analyze the rise in food prices.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
This webpage provides research and community development reports from the Cleveland Fed on topics like food insecurity and food prices.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland: Inflation 101
This resource contains content and videos that explain inflation including its impact on food prices.
Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City: Agriculture and the Economy
The Kansas City Fed provides insights on agricultural and rural economies. Their resources include articles, surveys, and research on various topics related to the agricultural economy.
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis: Agriculture and Farming
A core focus of the Minneapolis Fed is the business of food and farming. This webpage provides research and data on agriculture and farming.
For additional resources, please visit the
New York Fed's website
.
Related Content
Federal Reserve Education Resources
FRED (Federal Reserve Economic Data)
Liberty Street Economics
1.
Speech by Governor Bowman on agriculture and community banking - Federal Reserve Board.
Return to text
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    September 12, 2024