<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/what-economic-goals-does-federal-reserve-seek-to-achieve-through-monetary-policy.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - What economic goals does the Federal Reserve seek to achieve through its monetary policy? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T02:40:12.927620Z -->

Home
FAQs
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
What economic goals does the Federal Reserve seek to achieve through its monetary policy?
The Federal Reserve works to promote a strong U.S. economy. Specifically, Congress has assigned the Fed to conduct the nation's monetary policy to support the goals of maximum employment and stable prices. Those two goals are often referred to as the Fed's "dual mandate."
Maximum employment
is the highest level of employment or lowest level of unemployment that the economy can sustain while maintaining a stable inflation rate. Maintaining maximum employment for a sustained period can result in many benefits and opportunities to families and communities that often had been left behind.
Prices are considered stable when consumers and businesses do not have to worry about costs significantly rising or falling when making plans, or when borrowing or lending for long periods. The Federal Open Market Committee judges that an
inflation rate of 2 percent
over the longer run, as measured by the annual change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures, is most consistent with the Fed's price mandate. When households and businesses can reasonably expect 2 percent inflation over the longer run, they are better able to make sound decisions regarding saving, borrowing, and investment, thus contributing to a well-functioning economy.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 19, 2024