<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/I-received-a-suspicious-looking-e-mail-that-claims-to-be-from-the-Federal-Reserve-is-it-a-scam.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - I received a suspicious-looking e-mail that claims to be from the Federal Reserve. Is it a scam? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-16T21:08:49.487710Z -->

Home
FAQs
About the Fed
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
I received a suspicious-looking e-mail that claims to be from the Federal Reserve. Is it a scam?
You should be suspicious of any unexpected email or phone
message that claims to be from the Federal Reserve referencing that the Federal Reserve is holding money owed to you. Do not click on any links contained in these types of emails and delete them immediately.
The Federal Reserve Board regularly monitors fraudulent solicitations and communications that purport to be made with the approval or involvement of the Federal Reserve or Federal Reserve officials. These scams often take the form of e-mail messages, letters, and telephone calls that seek to obtain an individual's personally identifiable information that is later used to commit fraud or theft.
In general, consumers should verify the legitimacy of potential service providers before providing personal financial information or entering into a business transaction. Consumers who suspect that their personal financial information has been compromised should contact their financial institution and local law enforcement officials. To file a complaint about a suspected fraudulent e-mail, contact the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Internet Crime Complaint Center at:
www.ic3.gov
.
Related Information
Scams Involving the Federal Reserve Name
Federal Reserve Board's Consumer Help Center
Department of Homeland Security: Common Scams
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    October 06, 2020