<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/what-is-a-central-bank-digital-currency.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - What is a Central Bank Digital Currency? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:35:01.871308Z -->

Home
FAQs
Currency and Coin
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
What is a Central Bank Digital Currency?
A CBDC is a digital form of central bank money that is widely available to the general public.
"Central bank money" refers to money that is a liability of the central bank. In the United States, there are currently two types of central bank money: physical currency issued by the Federal Reserve and digital balances held by commercial banks at the Federal Reserve.
While Americans have long held money predominantly in digital form—for example in bank accounts, payment apps or through online transactions—a CBDC would differ from existing digital money available to the general public because a CBDC would be a liability of the Federal Reserve, not of a commercial bank.
Learn more about the Federal Reserve's work on CBDC.
Read and comment on the Money and Payments discussion paper.
Related Questions
Has the Federal Reserve decided to create a CBDC?
Will a U.S. CBDC replace cash or paper currency?
Related Information
Federal Reserve releases discussion paper that examines pros and cons of a potential U.S. central bank digital currency
(January 20, 2022)
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome H. Powell outlines the Federal Reserve's response to technological advances driving rapid change in the global payments landscape
(May 20, 2021)
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    January 20, 2022