<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/economy_12766.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - How does the Federal Reserve cooperate with foreign policymakers to promote economic growth and financial stability? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T02:40:11.378151Z -->

Home
FAQs
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
How does the Federal Reserve cooperate with foreign policymakers to promote economic growth and financial stability?
The Federal Reserve conducts its monetary policy independently and in accord with its dual mandate from the Congress to promote price stability and maximum sustainable employment in the United States. To help meet these objectives, officials of the Federal Reserve regularly consult with representatives of other central banks. These consultations allow policymakers to share their thinking, compare analyses, and stay informed of developments around the world. Such contacts also help central banks effectively address shared problems that call for swift joint responses.
U.S. banks also do business overseas, and developments in markets around the world can affect the U.S. economy, creating a need for international cooperation in the area of financial supervision and regulation. The Federal Reserve works closely with foreign regulators and supervisors, and it actively participates with international colleagues in the
Financial Stability Board
and in standard-setting bodies associated with the Bank for International Settlements, including the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
.
Related Information
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
Financial Stability Board
Related Questions
How does the globalization of financial markets affect the ability of the Federal Reserve to promote macroeconomic and financial stability?
How does the foreign exchange value of the dollar relate to Federal Reserve policy?
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 11, 2024