<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/why-is-the-federal-reserve-paying-banks-interest.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - Why does the Federal Reserve pay banks interest? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:35:05.375322Z -->

Home
FAQs
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
Why does the Federal Reserve pay banks interest?
Banks and other depository institutions are required to hold deposits with the Federal Reserve. The Fed pays interest on these deposits, which are known as reserves balances. Congress authorized the Fed to pay interest on balances in 2008. The Federal Reserve Board sets the interest rate paid on reserve balances (IORB) to help implement the Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC) monetary policy decisions.
Adjustments to the IORB rate help to move the federal funds rate into the target range set by the FOMC. (The federal funds rate is the primary tool to conduct monetary policy and the rate that banks pay for overnight borrowing in the federal funds market.) Banks typically are unwilling to lend to any private counterparty at a rate lower than the rate they can earn on balances maintained at the Fed. As a result, an increase in the IORB rate will put upward pressure on a range of short-term interest rates. The opposite holds for a decrease in the IORB rate. Typically, changes in the FOMC's target range are accompanied by commensurate changes in the IORB rate to keep the federal funds rate at a level consistent with the FOMC's target range.
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 19, 2024