<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/about-the-fed.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - About the Fed -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-16T21:08:46.344074Z -->

Home
FAQs
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
About the Fed
How is the Federal Reserve System structured?
How can I request to have a Board member speak at an event?
Who are the members of the Federal Reserve Board, and how are they selected?
What is the FOMC and when does it meet?
What does it mean that the Federal Reserve is "independent within the government"?
Does the Federal Reserve ever get audited?
What is the purpose of the Federal Reserve System?
Who owns the Federal Reserve?
I received a suspicious-looking e-mail that claims to be from the Federal Reserve. Is it a scam?
Is the Federal Reserve Act going to expire?
What is the process for reappointing Reserve Bank presidents?
Does the Federal Reserve own or hold gold?
How is a Federal Reserve Bank president selected?
Why is it important to separate Federal Reserve monetary policy decisions from political influence?
Are the Reserve Banks' boards of directors involved in banking supervision matters?
How can I learn more about the securities the Federal Reserve owns and the loans it makes to financial institutions?
Is the Fed’s emergency lending audited by the Congress?  Is information about the Fed’s emergency lending provided to the public?
Does the Federal Reserve tell the public what it holds on its balance sheet?
Does the Federal Reserve maintain accounts for individuals? Can individuals use such accounts to pay bills and get money?
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    March 01, 2017