<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/what-is-the-process-for-reappointing-reserve-bank-presidents.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - What is the process for reappointing Reserve Bank presidents? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:35:04.782710Z -->

Home
FAQs
About the Fed
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
What is the process for reappointing Reserve Bank presidents?
Under the
Federal Reserve Act
all Reserve Bank presidents serve five-year terms that expire at the end of February in years ending with the numerals 1 or 6. Presidents who take office in intervening years are initially appointed for the remainder of their current term. Before the expiration of a president's current term, the Class B and C directors of each Reserve Bank (directors who are not affiliated with a supervised entity) vote on whether to reappoint the president to a new term.
In considering whether to reappoint, the eligible Reserve Bank directors assess their president's performance. The assessment includes consideration of, for example, the president's ability to effectively lead the Reserve Bank, the president's performance in achieving the Reserve Bank's and Federal Reserve System's strategic objectives, and the president's ability to effectively represent the Federal Reserve to the public. The Reserve Bank directors' assessment is also informed by annual discussions between the chair and deputy chair of each Reserve Bank board and the Board of Governors' Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs.
Reappointments are subject to approval by the Board of Governors, which reviews the Reserve Bank directors' assessment of their president's performance and any additional perspectives from members of the Board of Governors.
Related Information
Federal Reserve Bank Presidents
Federal Reserve Districts and Banks
Related Questions
How is a Federal Reserve Bank president selected?
How is the Federal Reserve System structured?
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    January 21, 2016