<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/economy_12622.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - Is the Federal Reserve aware of the challenges that I and others in my community face? Does the Federal Reserve take these issues into account when developing national policy? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T02:40:11.530335Z -->

Home
FAQs
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
Is the Federal Reserve aware of the challenges that I and others in my community face? Does the Federal Reserve take these issues into account when developing national policy?
The Federal Reserve System is composed of 12 regional Reserve Banks throughout the country and the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C. This structure enables the Federal Reserve to gather information from a wide and diverse range of communities.
Each Reserve Bank has a division, department, or group that focuses on regional Community Development issues, with a particular emphasis on serving low- and moderate-income communities and populations. The people on these teams work within their communities by promoting cooperation among community organizations, financial institutions, government officials, and academics; educating the public about financial issues; and advising policymakers, community leaders, and others about community development best practices.
This ground-level view plays an important role in formulating national policy, providing context to aid our understanding of the pace of the national economic recovery.
In addition, Community Development staff have direct contact with homeowners, bankers, small business owners, community advocates, and local government leaders, who often see trends manifest locally before they hit nationally. Current Community Development initiatives have focused on strengthening this emphasis on emerging issues. Efforts such as the Federal Reserve System's Mortgage Outreach Foreclosure Efforts (MORE) group, which produced our
Foreclosure Resource Centers
, and the
small business financing conference
and meeting series, provided valuable information about how real people are affected by the current economic situation and what federal policies and programs can do to help.
Related Information
Regional Reserve Banks' Community Development information
Community Development at the Board of Governors
Federal Reserve Mortgage Foreclosure Resources
Addressing the Financing Needs of Small Businesses
A Capstone Forum Highlighting Findings from the Federal Reserve System Series
Monday, July 12, 2010
Federal Reserve Neighborhood Stabilization Video Reports, Introduction to Series: Governor Elizabeth A. Duke
Federal Reserve Neighborhood Stabilization Video Reports, Detroit: Community Engagement
Federal Reserve Neighborhood Stabilization Video Reports, Phoenix: Suburban Sustainability
Federal Reserve Neighborhood Stabilization Video Reports, Cleveland: Data-Driven Decisionmaking
Chairman Ben S. Bernanke
April 29, 2011
Community Development in Challenging Times
Governor Elizabeth A. Duke
April 28, 2011
Community Voices: Promising Practices for Neighborhood Stabilization
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    June 17, 2011