<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/statement-on-longer-run-goals-monetary-policy-strategy-FOMC.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - What is the Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy, and why does the Federal Open Market Committee publish it? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:35:05.601042Z -->

Home
FAQs
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
What is the Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy, and why does the Federal Open Market Committee publish it?
The Federal Reserve is directed by Congress to pursue the
monetary policy goals of maximum employment and stable prices
.
The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) is the primary monetary policy-setting body of the Federal Reserve
. In its Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy, the FOMC explains its framework for the policy actions it takes to achieve those goals.
Publishing the statement helps the public better understand how the FOMC interprets its mandate from Congress. The statement was first published in January 2012 and was reaffirmed by the FOMC each year until 2020. In 2020, the FOMC revised the statement following its first-ever comprehensive, public review of its monetary policy strategy, tools, and communication practices. The FOMC plans to conduct a similar review about every five years. Like the previous statement, the revised statement explains how the FOMC interprets its goals
of maximum employment
and
stable prices
and its strategy for achieving its dual-mandate goals.
Related Information
Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy
Amended August 27, 2020
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 19, 2024