<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/allfaq.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - All Questions -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T00:35:01.797951Z -->

Home
FAQs
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
All Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
What is the Federal Reserve’s role in the circulation of coins?
What should I do if I have damaged or mutilated currency?
Is the Federal Reserve aware of ongoing payment delays for consumers and businesses that started on November 3, 2023?
What is the FedNow® Service?
Is the FedNow Service replacing cash? Is it a central bank digital currency?
What is a Central Bank Digital Currency?
What is the role of Board members when the Federal Reserve Board issues a regulation?
How does the Board revise a regulation?
What specific steps does the Board take to issue a regulation?
What is a regulation and how is it made?
What is financial stability?
What is macroeconomics?
Does the Federal Reserve maintain accounts for individuals? Can individuals use such accounts to pay bills and get money?
What is aggregate demand?
Does the Federal Reserve tell the public what it holds on its balance sheet?
Is the Fed’s emergency lending audited by the Congress?  Is information about the Fed’s emergency lending provided to the public?
How can I learn more about the securities the Federal Reserve owns and the loans it makes to financial institutions?
Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meetings are not open to the public, so how do I know what the FOMC is doing?
Who is on the Federal Open Market Committee?
What is the Federal Open Market Committee?
What is the Summary of Economic Projections?
What are the Minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee?
What is the Statement on Longer-Run Goals and Monetary Policy Strategy, and why does the Federal Open Market Committee publish it?
What is the basic legal framework that determines the conduct of monetary policy?
What is the prime rate, and does the Federal Reserve set the prime rate?
How is the Federal Reserve System structured?
How is a Federal Reserve Bank president selected?
How does the globalization of financial markets affect the ability of the Federal Reserve to promote macroeconomic and financial stability?
How does the Federal Reserve affect inflation and employment?
What is forward guidance, and how is it used in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy?
How can I comment on a regulatory proposal?
What is the FOMC and when does it meet?
How does the Federal Reserve cooperate with foreign policymakers to promote economic growth and financial stability?
How do I determine if a banknote is genuine? What should I do if I think I have a counterfeit note?
I received a suspicious-looking e-mail that claims to be from the Federal Reserve. Is it a scam?
How can I start a bank?
What is the money supply? Is it important?
Is the Federal Reserve aware of the challenges that I and others in my community face? Does the Federal Reserve take these issues into account when developing national policy?
What is the lowest level of unemployment that the U.S. economy can sustain?
How does the Federal Reserve's buying and selling of securities relate to the borrowing decisions of the federal government?
What does the Federal Reserve mean when it says monetary policy is “accommodative” or “restrictive”?
Who are the members of the Federal Reserve Board, and how are they selected?
Why does the Federal Reserve lend money to banks?
What is the difference between a bank’s liquidity and its capital?
Why has the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance changed over time?
How much U.S. currency is in circulation?
What is inflation and how does the Federal Reserve evaluate changes in the rate of inflation?
How does the Federal Reserve Board determine how much currency to order each year?
What does it mean that the Federal Reserve is "independent within the government"?
How long is the lifespan of U.S. paper money?
Why does the Federal Reserve pay banks interest?
What is the process for reappointing Reserve Bank presidents?
Why do interest rates matter?
How much does it cost to produce currency and coin?
Is U.S. currency still backed by gold?
How does the foreign exchange value of the dollar relate to Federal Reserve policy?
Does the Federal Reserve ever get audited?
Does the Federal Reserve own or hold gold?
Who owns the Federal Reserve?
Is the Federal Reserve Act going to expire?
Which denominations of currency does the Federal Reserve issue?
What is the purpose of the Federal Reserve System?
What is the difference between monetary policy and fiscal policy, and how are they related?
What is the Federal Reserve's role in the design of United States currency?
Do I have to trade in my old-design notes when a new one begins circulating?
Is it legal for a business in the United States to refuse cash as a form of payment?
Why does the Federal Reserve aim for inflation of 2 percent over the longer run?
I have a problem with my bank. How do I file a complaint against it?
Why is it important to separate Federal Reserve monetary policy decisions from political influence?
Are the Reserve Banks' boards of directors involved in banking supervision matters?
How can I request to have a Board member speak at an event?
What economic goals does the Federal Reserve seek to achieve through its monetary policy?
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 11, 2025