<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/money_12845.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - What is the money supply? Is it important? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T02:40:09.198793Z -->

Home
FAQs
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
What is the money supply? Is it important?
The money supply is the total amount of money—cash, coins, and balances in bank accounts—in circulation.
The money supply is commonly defined to be a group of safe assets that households and businesses can use to make payments or to hold as short-term investments. For example, U.S. currency and balances held in checking accounts and savings accounts are included in many measures of the money supply.
There are several standard measures of the money supply, including the monetary base, M1, and M2:
The monetary base:
The sum of currency in circulation and reserve balances, or deposits held by banks and other depository institutions in their accounts at the Federal Reserve.
M1:
The sum of currency held by the public and transaction deposits (inclusive of currency held by the public and transaction deposits—a category that includes balances held in checking accounts and other very liquid deposits) at depository institutions (which are financial institutions that obtain their funds mainly through deposits from the public, such as commercial banks, savings and loan associations, savings banks, and credit unions) and branches of foreign banks operating in the United States.
M2:
M1 plus small-denomination time deposits (those issued in amounts of less than $100,000) and retail money market mutual fund shares.
Data on money supply are reported in the Federal Reserve's H.6 statistical release, "
Money Stock Measures
."
Over some periods, measures of the money supply have exhibited close relationships with important economic variables such as nominal gross domestic product and the price level. The Federal Open Market Committee reviews money supply data in conducting monetary policy, but money supply figures are just part of a wide array of financial and economic data that policymakers review.
Related Information
Statistics & Historical Data
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    July 19, 2024