<!-- source_url: https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/are-the-reserve-banks-boards-of-directors-involved-in-banking-supervision-matters.htm -->
<!-- title: The Fed - Are the Reserve Banks' boards of directors involved in banking supervision matters? -->
<!-- date_fetched: 2025-07-17T02:40:12.778030Z -->

Home
FAQs
About the Fed
FAQs
Share
RSS
Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below.
Most Frequently Asked Questions
Marriner S. Eccles Building and 1951 Constitution Avenue Building Project
About the Fed
Banking and the Financial System
Money, Interest Rates, and Monetary Policy
Credit, Loans, and Mortgages
Currency and Coin
Economy, Jobs, and Prices
Federal Open Market Committee
Regulations
All Questions
Have a question?
Ask Us
Are the Reserve Banks' boards of directors involved in banking supervision matters?
No. To avoid any actual or perceived conflicts of interest resulting from the financial interests and outside affiliations of Reserve Bank directors, Reserve Banks may not provide confidential supervisory information to any director. Moreover, Reserve Bank directors may not participate in bank supervisory matters and may not be consulted regarding bank examination ratings, potential enforcement actions, application/approval matters, or similar supervisory matters.
Similarly, because of the potential for an actual or perceived conflict of interest, Class A (banker) directors may not be involved in the selection, appointment, or compensation of Reserve Bank officers whose primary duties involve supervisory matters. Class B directors who are affiliated with a thrift holding company that is supervised by the Federal Reserve may also not be involved in the selection, appointment, or compensation of Reserve Bank officers whose primary duties involve supervisory matters.
Related Information
Federal Reserve Bank Directors
Federal Reserve Bank Presidents
Federal Reserve Districts and Banks
Roles & Responsibilities of Federal Reserve Bank Directors (PDF)
Related Questions
How is a Federal Reserve Bank president selected?
How is the Federal Reserve System structured?
Back to Top
Last Update:
                    April 19, 2016